But it is clearly not enough to attract British and American students.
Among American and British students who consider studying abroad, only 1% of them intend to go to China.
In the U.K., China ranks 11th out of most-desired locations, down from 9th in 2013.
For many students, studying abroad may be the first time they go abroad.
Education Intelligence's respondents are more than 10,000 students in the United States and Britain.
For Americans, the top three destinations are the U.K. (19%), France (10%) and Italy (8%).
Among British study-abroad students, the prime destinations are the U.S. (33%), Australia (9%) and France (5%).
Many American students said they intend to study in Brazil or China because of low tuition fees.
The number of Chinese students studying in the United States has soared.
The number of American students studying in China has been relatively flat.
In 2013, the number of Chinese studying in the U.S. grew by 23%.
The number of U.S. students studying in China grew by just 5%.
In fact, American students' enthusiasm for overseas study has declined in the past year.
By contrast, the number of U.K. students interested in overseas study rose by 17%.
Just like her, a growing number of international students are opting to study in Kyoto, Japan’s ancient capital.
The number of foreign students rose to 7,017 last year from 5,157 in 2009.
According to another agency, the Japan Student Services Organization, cities in Kyoto are relatively small.
Kyoto had the fourth-largest population of foreign students in Japan last year, behind Tokyo, Osaka and Fukuoka.
Student debt, or needing to take out a student loan, didn’t really worry me.
To be eligible for the program, students must have a family income of less than ￡45,000 a year.
This year, 60 percent of students come from families with annual incomes below ￡25,000.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, periodically administers an exam called PISA to 15-year-olds in 69 countries.
There are many of the world’s 13-year-old math geniuses were Americans.
The academic performance of the whole population of students in one case.
Countries that traditionally trounce America on the PISA test of 15-year-olds.
These practices worked for the next three decades to suppress the number of Jewish students.
The higher rates of admission for Asian-Americans would cause the lower rates of admission for African-Americans.
They overlook preferences of children of alumni (about 12 percent of students) and recruited athletes (around 13 percent).
Should we allocate places to those students who will profit most from them?
The school sends a handful of students to Harvard most years.
Every Friday I help four grade schoolers read American children’s books under the heading of enrichment.
One student held up a poster that read, “We only live once, why marry early?”
The burden of student debt may well cause people to make different decisions than they would otherwise.
For one thing, it appears that people with student loans are less likely to start businesses of their own.
Areas with higher relative growth in student debt show lower growth in the formation of small businesses.
When students use up their debt capacity on student loans, they can’t commit it elsewhere.
Total student loans outstanding have risen to $1.1 trillion, compared with $300 billion just a decade ago.
The average total debt for student borrowers was around $30,000 in 2013.
Having a college loan appears to reduce the likelihood that people will choose a low-paying public-interest job.
Students were more likely to choose well-paid professions like investment banking and consulting.
After the policy took effect, more students chose jobs in areas like teaching and the nonprofit sector.
In many cases, the choices that student borrowers make are just common sense,
My own student debt, as it happens, was almost identical to this figure, in inflation-adjusted terms.
He studies engineering and plans to work for a big oil company.
The Program for International Student Assessment, or PISA, released the results of its 2012 tests.
These showed students from Shanghai scoring highest in all three categories: reading, math and science.
PISA is conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
PISA is given every three years to more than half a million 15- and 16-year-old students from 65 countries.
Tom Loveless questioned the inclusiveness and representativeness of PISA’s Shanghai samples.
However, around the age of 15, most children must return to their hometowns to attend high school.
No matter how it samples, it is going to get only very few of them.
The O.E.C.D. report on PISA discusses migrant children in Shanghai only briefly.
If you look at the United States, the percentage of disadvantaged children is very high in primary school.
Even when you exclude the 30 percent of worst-performing students in the United States, Shanghai still performs No. 1.
A research institute that would attract students from all over the world, and in the process revitalize the city.
Students are likely to be attracted by the proximity of the Gran Sasso laboratory.
Until last July, some students had to travel to classes in towns as far as 35 miles away.
The university’s once highly popular architecture course had more than 150 students enrolled in 2009.
This academic year it has 65, with enrollment closing at the end of this month.
The foreigners, half the class, most from China, sat in silence.
It efforts to increase enrollment of foreigners with transitional programs to bridge the cultural divide.
It's not only for high-minded reasons, but also because foreigners generally pay full price.
English is just one of numerous challenges for the foreigners that must be addressed in the transition year.
Frequent digressions can make it harder to extract the central points.
In many cultures, students are largely expected to repeat information given by the authorities.
They're worried about watering down either academics or the caliber of the student body.
Like Abigail and Jocelyn, he was a kindergarten student in Red Bank.
The students at the elementary school came mostly from working-class and low-income families.
Deborah Leong and Elena Bodrova have turned Vygotsky’s philosophy into a full-time curriculum for prekindergarten and kindergarten students.
It now is being used to teach 18,000 prekindergarten and kindergarten students in 12 states around the country.
It is to allow children to explore the world, learn social skills and have free, unconstrained fun.
You exposed struggling children to certain intensive reading and math interventions in prekindergarten and kindergarten,
After a year in the program, students did significantly better than a similar group on basic measures of literacy ability.
They involved small groups of students and took place several decades ago.
A number of the New Jersey districts had difficulty recruiting students at first and resorted to creative marketing.
About 52 percent of prekindergarten students qualified last year for free or reduced lunch programs.
Two-year prekindergarten programs may be more valuable to disadvantaged students than one-year programs.
Students who participated in prekindergarten as 3- and 4-year-olds outperformed those who enrolled for only one year.
Some have reduced such programs in recent years to make room for an influx of kindergarten students.
Conant saw the test as a tool for identifying the most talented people outside Harvard’s usual pool of privileged applicants.
He wanted a test to tell you how smart the person was.
That's in part because the most important academic advantage many wealthy families have is intelligence, not wealth.
They care more about high school transcripts than standardized test scores.
My first thought was it’s going to make it harder to distinguish anything based on this piece of data.
He is not planning to show his students the third presidential debate on Wednesday.
Others, like him, fear that the format could invite students to spout insulting rhetoric.
His students, most of whom are 12 years old, have been buzzing with talk of the campaign all year.
Another student piped up, saying she had watched the second presidential debate the night before.
All I’m thinking is, How am I going to approach this?
Mr. Wathke said he gets nervous when he hears that his students are planning to attend rallies.
This semester, Mr. Wathke and his five social studies classes have been talking about politics ― delicately ― since August.
He is teaching his seventh graders about the three branches of government.
He is teaching his seventh graders about how democracies work and the differences between Republicans and Democrats.
He prepared his class to discuss the campaign using “Socratic circles,” separating students into small groups.
The students were armed with work sheets, filled out before class, answering questions he had posed.
That kind of conversation in the campaign arouses anger in some of his students.
Maybe 20 years or more, the students have chosen the candidate who later won the presidential election.
Mr. Wathke never knows quite how much campaign news they have absorbed on YouTube and Snapchat.
Parents in every grade want to know how their child is doing socially and emotionally.
In her book, Ms. Schwartz writes about mistakes that might have been prevented if she had known her students better.
She had a student named Chris who was obsessed with science.
Classrooms can become a supportive environment for students coping with grief.
A petition, signed by 1,300 students, calls for a semester in which the lowest possible grade was a C.
In the view of more than a few observers, these students were taking liberalism to illiberal extremes.
Students unwind in greater comfort and ingest with more choice than ever before.
When families are asked to pay $60,000 or more a year, the transaction takes on a more bluntly commercial aspect.
Students could not see their grades for a given class until they had filled out an extensive report card
The instructor was privy to those ratings, with the students’ names erased.
It has enormous bearing on how fully enrolled an instructor’s classes are, on his or her reputation.
What is perhaps the greatest driver of student satisfaction with a professor?
When she began teaching in the 1980s, students never came in to complain about grades.
He noted a “hesitance to hold students accountable for their behavior”.
After the test’s administrator said it had verified a breach of the testing materials.
The last-minute cancellation affected 5,500 students at 56 test centers in South Korea and Hong Kong.
Said Edward R. Colby, a spokesman for ACT. Students’ registration fees will be refunded, he said in an email.
News of the cancellation reached many students only hours before they were scheduled to take the test on Saturday morning.
As more students take the tests, cheating on the exams has also become widespread in parts of Asia.
A South Korean court fined students and officials of test-prep institutes up to 6 million won, or about $5,100.
Most workshop participants have been software engineers, entrepreneurs, students or scientists.
A group of 122 elementary school kids taught a weeklong curriculum on concepts around giving.
The students were asked to recall four life events and cite reasons they regarded them as significant.
Three 90-minute discussion sessions for groups of 12 first-year students, led by faculty members, advisers or deans.
A few students find a strong overlap between the two lists. 
One student in our group was having a hard time choosing course between government and science.
We ask students to apply this parable to their own lives.
These discussions encourage freshman to think about what really matters to them.
The adults are more concerned with how students are eating rather than what they are eating.
A diverse crew of high school students sit around low round tables in a cafeteria.
This will help determine what it is that high school kids really care about when it comes to lunchtime.
Joyce Gu, a senior at Thurgood Marshall High School, lets out a giggle.
61 percent of the studets here qualify for free or reduced lunch.
Joyce and 14 other students spend the next hour participating in simulations of their lunch hour.
Some talk about prioritizing sharing food with their friends who don’t have any.
Stafford asks the students to check out an app on the cellphone stationed at each table.
Student nutrition services, for their part, can collect data on kids’ preferences and eliminate food waste.
Currently, only 57 percent of students who qualify for free and reduced lunch eat it.
This is a lost opportunity for improving student health and for the district’s budget.
Research consistently shows that those who go off campus eat poorly,if at all.
Student Nutrition Services has consistently operated with budget shortfalls the last few years.
They started, not surprisingly, with student voices and also including testimony from nutrition staff workers.
They proposed three very distinct eating experiences aligning with the developmental stages in a student’s life.
It most fundamentally based on what the students themselves expressed wanting.
A large majority of the 700 students in this school are Asian immigrants.
Students can choose “grab-and-go lunches” from mobile carts and then sit in spaces designed by them.
I’ve had the opportunity to talk to many of the students involved in this project.
James Muyskens looked out over the quadrangle before him as students dashed from one class to the next.
Catering to working-class students, more than half of whom were born in other countries.
Some factor in student satisfaction or academic ranking or graduation rates or economic diversity, all in varying quantities.
I think it’s more likely that it will be harmful to students.
As he spoke, students in the next room were participating in a study group about the Middle East.
A fifth-grade class will spend a set number of days on prime factorization.
And then they will move on to study greatest common factors, whether or not every student is ready.
In this way,the student’s understanding of a subject is a constant and time is a variable.
This leaves the faster learners bored and the slower ones lost.
The mastery system allows each student to learn at her own pace.
Multiple versions of a test were needed so students couldn’t pass them to friends who would be taking them later.
The book is Flip Your Classroom: Reach Every Student in Every Class Every Day.
They’ve realized that it has also eliminated the reason for students to work at a uniform pace.
Another advantage: less (or no) student work to grade at home.
A student who does not test well, for example, could still show her understanding.
Driscoll allows students to complete three from a list of choices.
A student who can’t show that she grasps the concepts must do more work and then retake the assessment.
They build in extra units for advanced students or work with them on independent projects.
As soon as we flipped, we noticed that students’ focus really improved.
The truly struggling students might not get through a year’s material.
Anthony Derriso reported his analysis of a vast 2009 study of more than 21,000 ninth graders nationwide.
He determined that students of both sexes rated boys and girls equally competent in science and math.
Students show greater gains when they are taught that the mind, like a muscle, gets stronger with work.
Japanese companies are gearing up for an extensive international student recruitment campaign.
He encouraged internationals to obey Japanese manners, even if they were not required to do so by corporations strictly speaking.
We want international students to be on the same playing field as Japanese students.
NAP is a volunteer organization that helps international students find jobs in Japan.
Foreign companies operating in Japan often hire internationals with attractive salaries and positions.
Google, for one, holds a programming summer camp for students will be in grade 9.
Sometimes, volunteers from different companies teach students together, and their company is a long-term competitor in the market.
Students' interest in computer science began to fade after the dot-com implosion a decade ago. 
For students in the Seattle area, Microsoft tries to drum up excitement in technology by organizing them to field trips.
The students from Rainier Beach High who visited Microsoft last year were buzzing about their trips later.
This is not good for the students to cultivate the willpower to overcome the problem.
It should not be seen as definitive proof that widespread use of computers, phones and video games affects students’ attention.
Because teachers observe students for a long time, they have the biggest saying.
At the same time they agreed that they had to work harder to capture and hold students’ attention.
But she has noted there is a marked decline in the depth and analysis of their written work.
But she worries that technology is changing the way students learn.
She also wondered if teachers adjusted their lessons to accommodate shorter attention spans, the problem would be more serious.
And they said such tools had made students more indenpendent researchers.
About 60 percent said it hindered students’ ability to write and communicate face to face.
And almost half said it hurt students' critical thinking and their ability to do homework.
Students need skills that are different from "Spit, spit, there"s the answer.
Students’ ability to focus and fight through academic challenges was suffering an “exponential decline.”
If I stood still in front of the classroom, the students would be easily distracted.
He would prefer students to use less entertainment media at home.
Some teachers said that even they noticed attention spans wane, students improved in math, science and reading.
Then, half the group was randomly assigned to take part in a nutrition program. 
The others took a training that resembled the standard mindfulness-based stress reduction program.
After two weeks, the students were re-evaluated for mind-wandering and working memory capacity.
The group that took mindfulness training performed better on tests of working memory capacity and reading comprehension. 
"Harry Potter and the Chinese Overseas Students" is their work, too.
Students who study history in the future have a slightly different subject than those who study physics.
The students’ fate hinges on a maddening lack of logic and common sense.
Richer students with low scores can afford to wait a year and take another stab at the exam.
Then they could give students more freedom to become well-rounded learners ― rather than just stellar test-takers.
I was struck by how anxious some of the Chinese students were about the question.
A few of them talk of outsourced services for larger law firms.
It might be the kind of broadened curriculum many of today’s students need.
They introduce their students to programs that search through mountains of depositions and filings.
Law school used to be a refuge for students who “might be math phobic, who don’t do numbers.
China is expected to send fewer students as its population ages.
Besides graduate students from China, Britain will continue to attract students from India.
Britain is the second most popular destination for Indian students .
Foreign postgraduate students tend to pay more in tuition than their undergraduate counterparts.
You want an international population, and that means recruiting the best and brightest from all around the world.
Savannah Fritz, a sophomore, reading about the professors’ protest in The Harvard Crimson, the student newspaper.
MaryRose Mazzola, a public policy student at the Kennedy School of Government and a member of Harvard Students Demand Respect.
It is similar to one recently adopted in California, requiring both students to consent actively to each sexual act.
Harvard should disregard its legal obligation to protect all of its students and ensure a safe and antidiscriminatory environment.
Scores are being withheld for students from China and South Korea who took the exam earlier this month.
Organizations that seek to illegally obtain test materials for their own profit, to the ultimate detriment of all students.
The administrators should be taking action against only those students suspected of cheating.
Reults from a December test would be too late for many students applying for early admission.
Those were the largest and third-largest contributors to the international student pool in the United States.
Chinese students mostly travel to cities outside mainland China to take the SAT.
Students applying for early admissions were feeling especially vulnerable because of the suspension of scores.
Many students are affected by this, and those in this group of students are mostly excellent.
One consultant said Chinese students with whom her company works generally take the SAT at least two times.
Forty percent of humanities and social sciences students ultimately go on to graduate school.
Still, English majors might not want to jump for joy, at least not if they're standing next to engineers.
That's not much better than when they were back in their early 20s, earning about 63% as much.
They have ridden the student-loan gravy train, using the proceeds to build palatial buildings, reduce faculty teaching loads.
Take the top teachers in a field and give online access to their lectures to students at many different colleges.
We may eventually see the rise of 'hoteling' for college students whose courses are done primarily online.
It's a business model that just might work, especially in geographic locations students favor.
This event aimed at inspiring students a new interest: computer programming.
It is also not clear whether it could foster broader creativity and logical thinking.
They bring youth and family coding courses developed by Code.org to Mill Valley.
The concept has caught on with James Meezan, a second grader.
That policy labeled sexual and romantic relationships between professors and the students they teach as inappropriate.
The ban did not explicitly prohibit professors from having relationships with students they did not teach.
It also bans such relationships between teaching staff and the students they supervise or evaluate.
The organization says that intimate relationships between students and professors make consent hard to determine.
But the pressure of memorizing and regurgitating weighs on Chinese students when they enter elementary school.
Shanghai high-school students have dominated the last two cycles of the Program for International Student Assessment exam.
Some people regard gaokao as an anachronism that stifles innovative thought and puts excessive pressure on students.
It aimed at reducing student workloads and expanding the curriculum beyond core courses.
Their job security and bonuses depend on their capabilities of raising their students' test scores.
Surveillance cameras track students' movements in classrooms, dormitories and even the town's main intersections.
In 1998, only 98 Maotanchang students achieved the minimum gaokao score needed to enter a university.
Gaokao creats a path of upward mobility for students of meager backgrounds.
Rural students are allocated far fewer enrollment quota than their urban peers.
In 10th and 11th grades, students are allowed two elective hours per week-music, art or physical education.
So many students are packed into each classroom-more than 150 each.
One student told me half jokingly later that it was to prevent suicide.
There is, students note, one high-tech device: an electronic fingerprint scanner.
They spend 17 hours monitoring classes of 100 to 170 students everyday.
Teachers whose classes finish in last place at year's end may be fired.
The mother of a tardy student was forced to stand outside her son's class for a week as punishment.
He also told me that some students had supposedly committed suicide.
He is asked to give a motivational speech to 300 specially selected students.
Many of the students around us were members of China's urban elites.
They forbid Maotanchang residents to watch television, do laundry or wash dishes during students' sleeping time.
Among a group of 122 elementary school kids taught a weeklong curriculum on concepts around giving, their gratitude grew.
They showed high levels of gratitude, for instance thankfulness for the beauty of nature or strong appreciation of other people.
Students who participate in the exercises post better grades, lower dropout rates.
Students receiving the intervention may hear or see quotes and videos.
The positive messages used in the interventions can work for many kinds of students.
It is an intervention with 2,572 students at Ivy Tech Community College.
They also have the potential to displace humans, with all that implies for teachers and students.
No student in the flipped class received a grade lower than a C+.
That year, more than half of ninth graders had failed science.
Three years ago 64 percent of Clintondale students were low income, and now 81 percent are.
Especially in low-income communities, some students don’t have access to the tech they need to watch videos.
Just because students can watch, of course, doesn’t mean they do watch.
See the discussion page here for teachers’ advice on getting students to do homework.
He gives students a week to watch a package of videos.
If they get stuck on the first problem they are out of luck.
And I'm not having students work on projects at home, where they don’t necessarily have support.
It’s those who don’t ask who tend to need the most attention.
The teachers can see pretty much where every student’s understanding is.
It’s a huge difference for students who didn’t seek out extra help and attention.
I used to have about a 30 percent failure rate in English.
Now, out of 130 kids, I have three who are failing
He is now adding online discussion to try to incorporate more critical thinking.
In 2010, 9 percent of 55- to 64-year-olds had student loans to pay off.
The test will not quizz students on definitions of words such as prevaricator, sagacious, and ignominious.
Next week, millions of fifth graders across China will struggle with their end-of-year examinations.
Critics charged that they perpetuated inequality by trapping poor and minority students in low-level groups.
This program is that certain students, selected through testing, take accelerated classes together.
These programs, which serve about 3 percent of the elementary school population.
Some children coasted through math worksheets in a few minutes, she said; others struggled to finish half a page.
The swifter students, bored, would make mischief, while the slowest would become frustrated, give up and act out.
My instruction aimed at the middle of my class, and was leaving out approximately two-thirds of my learners.
About a decade ago, instead of teaching all her students as one group, she began ability grouping.
Ms. Sears teaches all groups the same material but tailoring activities and assignments to each group.
Critics said  that the practice inevitably divided students according to traits corresponding with achievement, like race and class.
Those states concern that Grouping lead teachers to devote fewer resources to low-achieving students.
Some studies indicate that grouping can damage students’ self-esteem by consigning them to lower-tier groups.
Some studies conclude that grouping improves test scores in students of all levels.
Others that it helps high-achieving students while harming low-achieving ones, and still others say that it has little effect.
Done judiciously and flexibly, Proponents say, grouping can help all students.
This law force teachers to focus on students who fell just below the proficiency cutoff.
Cathy Vail randomly sorts her fifth graders at the beginning of the year using lettered sticks.
After six weeks of testing and observing them, she shifts them into “teams” of seven or eight.
Children may be assigned to different groups for reading and math.
she said one student this year, for instance, has moved up two groups in both reading and math.
All four groups draw illustrations and write captions using the assigned words.
When she moves students to new groups, Ms. Vail tells them it is because she can best help them there.
Some students are taught on the rug while others work in desk clusters.
Before each unit, Ms. Vail groups the 26 children based on initial assessments.
In the decimal unit, one group might learn to add decimals using blocks they can manipulate with their hands.
The last group might be asked to analyze a word problem and apply the calculation.
She said the minority children in her class were more or less evenly distributed among the groups.
More than half of the school’s students are eligible for free or reduced lunch.
Socioeconomic factors are a stronger indicator of where a student will end up than race, he said,
minorities spread among groups but many poorer children are congregated in lower-tier groups and remedial programs.
He and his three friends was looking for the suitable apartment.
Concern is growing about the academic and social consequences of upscale off-campus student housing.
Even through the recession and the housing crisis, student housing development has remained robust.
Student housing, though down from its peak five years ago, continues to boom.
Here in Columbia, private developers meet the demand of the growing supply of upscale student apartments.
The competition has led to the construction of complexes with tanning salons; spas offering manicures, pedicures, facials and massages.
There are washers and dryers that send text messages when a cycle is complete in complexes.
Some of the projects she has worked on, Ms. Lung said, have used technology to create a better learning environment.
You don’t see the same types of educational programming going on in those facilities as you do in ours.
Aspen Heights, a developer based in Austin Tex will open a 980-bed property here in August.
On-site staff give the students personalized attention, like birthday greetings or help when they are stressed.
The people who live there are kind of jerks ― not all of them.
U.S. 15-year-olds made no progress on recent international achievement exams and fell further in the rankings.
The results from the 2012 Program for International Student Assessment (PISA).
The PISA is administered every three years by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
A representative sample of about 510,000 students took the exam in 65 countries and locales.
U.S. scores have been basically flat since the exams were first given in the early 2000s.
They hover at the average for countries in the OECD except in math, where American students are behind the curve.
The Chinese city of Shanghai, Singapore and Japan posted significantly higher scores.
They concerned that American students are not keeping pace with counterparts in other countries.
They are also likely to fuel the debate over which policy fixes could be instituted to boost results.
It includs grading teachers on student test scores, expanding school-choice options.
High-scoring countries don't use student test scores to pay and fire teachers or to rate and punish schools.
For the first time this year, Florida, Connecticut and Massachusetts tested enough students to get state-level data.
The two Northeastern states equaled or bettered the OECD averages on all exams.
U.S. teenagers scored 497 in science and 498 in reading, tying the OECD averages.
The U.S. positions in the international rankings include numerous statistical ties.
Its triennial testing of 510,000 students in 65 countries and regions around the world during 2012 found that.
The province of Shanghai in China once again produced the best results.
The success of east Asian students was not down to endless hours of repetition.
Within the continent, Poland recorded the largest improvement, with a mean score that rose to 518 from 495
The OECD noting that children whose parents have high expectations tend to try harder
The biggest gains have not been at the top. They have invested resources where they make the biggest difference.
Most of the students they turn down are such strong candidates.
Students there are all too aware of the long odds against getting into any particular elite university.
Students applying to seven or more colleges made up just 9 percent of the applicant pool in 1990.
Colleagues found no significant "contagion" effect of mental health from one roommate to another.
Sometimes a student fears angering the person in the upper bunk.
She deals with the concern that a roommate may be cutting herself.
A number of students and alumni of the school have started successful companies of their own.
The distinguished guests often took for granted that the students there would soon hold positions of power.
By the time they graduate, all our students will be able to speak Chinese.
Once the new campus is built, students will be able to complete their entire degree program in Laos.
Foreign students would for the first time have to pay for medical cover while in Britain.
Dominic Scott is chief executive of the UK Council for International Student Affairs.
The International Student Affairs is the national advisory body for international students in Britain.
Daniel Stevens is the international students’ officer at the National Union of Students.
The National Union of Students is the country’s largest student union.
You will see a shift in the attitude of international students toward other countries.
He thought it highly unlikely that the fee would cut the number of students going to Britain.
Students that want to come to the U.K. will continue to come.
Other popular destinations, notably the United States, have always charged foreign students for health care.
A British student going to the U.S. is going to have to pay for medical coverage too.
For a foreign student, the tuition can exceed ￡10,000 a year.
The added cost may be insignificant for a single student on a three-year bachelor’s degree course.
Our foreign students has increased significantly year on year, despite all the recent scare stories.
Some students object to shifting the start of the day later.
Students presenting projects for Introduction to Creative Studies have uncovered a bunch you probably haven’t thought of.
Students want tools to help them solve public safety problems and deal with community issues.
Dr. Matson also asks students to “find some cultural norms to break”.
A key objective is to get students to look around with fresh eyes and be curious.
As students scribbled and stuck, the takeaways were more than academic.
There's not much room in Manhattan, but students want to live here.
The room will be available for 30 years and can accommodate about 600 students.
There are five hundred student beds in the dormitory, and a number of classrooms and a library.
Many of the students are from other states, and 72 percent of new students live in dormitories this year.
SL Green also works with Naftali group and Harel group to develop another student apartment at 33 beekman street.
According to the relevant land planning regulations, student dormitories can be built twice as large as ordinary apartments.
The residential property development company has also recently begun to dabble in student accommodation.
Using the word "dorm" to describe a modern dorm room is a bit out of place.
Modern student accommodation is already fashionable enough to rival luxury hotels.
The student hostel project at the New York academy of visual arts costs $90 million.
Designed by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, the brass-paneled $352 million tower opened its 617-student residential portion, Kerrey Hall, this fall.
It made it hard to see how students from previous semesters had evaluated courses.
She tells students they’ll need to be creative about outmaneuvering aggressors.
A junior of the eight bystanders had been a resident assistant.
Several students, including the resident assistant, knew what was going on but did not put an end to it. 
Athletes make up between 10 and 15 percent of the student population but account for 25 percent of assaults.
Last semester, a mandatory session on bystander intervention was added for sophomores. 
In 2013, seven athletes had cases before the judicial affairs office compared with 75 in 2007.
Campus tribunals are made up of students, faculty and administrators. 
There were students on that conduct board, looking at rape kits; they’d say, “I don’t know what I’m looking at.”
The portion of students who do so ranges from 15 percent to 40 percent.
The most users are conscientious students to work harder and meet ever-rising academic expectations.
The number of these students is remaining relatively steady at about 10 percent.
However, some experts note that the survey does not focus on students at high-pressure high schools. 
“Isn’t it just like a vitamin?” asked one high school junior from Eastchester, a suburb of New York.
Students who sell prescription stimulants to their classmates focus on their burdens and insecurities. 
David Weiss, said the survey his district used to gauge student drug use asked about only prescription medications in general.
Douglas Young, said prescription stimulant abuse was covered in various student-wellness initiatives as well as in the 10th-grade health curriculum.
Ultimately we need to embrace new definitions of student success. 
A junior Christine said she followed the well-known lines to get her drugs directly and legally, a script for scripts.
“Right before everybody took the PSATs, a bunch of kids went to the bathroom to snort their Addies,” she said.
The drugs enter the schools via students who get them legally, if not legitimately.
Some students said they took their pills only during the week and gave their weekend pills to friends.
A high school senior in Connecticut who has used his friend’s Adderall for school.
This was the case with a recent graduate of McLean High School in Virginia.
That was far from what top colleges expected, especially from a McLean student. 
When students there use Facebook, they all know that its founder, Mark Zuckerberg, once walked the same halls.
“There’s no way you’d notice ― that’s why so many kids are doing it,” he told his mother. 
Asked if the improper use of stimulants was cheating, students were split. 
A current law student in Manhattan said he dealt Adderall regularly.
One sophomore at Harvard-Westlake School in Studio City, Calif., is unsure what his future holds. 
Top colleges are admitting fewer American students than they did a generation ago.
American students didn’t get a chance to interact with some international students.
The rise in foreign students has complicated the colleges’ stated efforts.
The public initiatives of colleges and universities aim at the diversity of students' economic backgrounds.
The country’s most selective colleges have effectively shrunk as far as American students are concerned.
I examineD what share of college-age Americans in four different years were attending various elite colleges.
In 2012, about 33 out of every 100,000 American 18- to 21-year-olds were attending Harvard.
The number of foreign students was growing at the same time.
Today, the number of foreign students at many top universities is almost 10 per cent of the total.
The number of foreign students is nearly double the level of the early 1990s.
Students from the Northeast apply to elite colleges in the region.
Colleges admit more students from states like North Carolina, Texas and Washington.
To many individual students, the newfound difficulty probably doesn’t cause much harm.
Fluctuates starts with the economic growth and exchange rates of those students’ countries of origin.
Enrolling a more economically diverse group of students is a top priority.
On average, about 15 percent of students at elite colleges receive Pell grants.
Pell grants is got by students in the bottom half of the income distribution.
Foreign students ― typically well-off ones ― have become another group.
Well-off foreign students should be well represented in every freshman class.
Students from around the world are a higher priority for colleges than poor students.
Low-income applicants are left to compete for the remaining slots with applicants who have the highest test scores.
Low-income applicants are left to compete with applicants who are most impressive extracurricular activities.
Low-income applicants are left to compete with applicants who can write most eloquent essays.
Louis was one of around 150 students to win a free ticket.
fixschool.org is a concept for inspiring and motivating students with real-world tasks.
Seven black students have been offered a chance to start classes at Stuyvesant High School in September.
For Hispanics, the number of admitted students has dropped to 21 from 24.
A total of 952 students were offered seats for Stuyvesant's freshman class.
He did raise the notion of ensuring that a wider range of students can prepare for the admittance test.
The 28,000 students citywide took the Specialized High School Admissions Test.
Meanwhile, some areas--Poland and Ireland, for example--improved and moved ahead of the U.S.
The stagnant U.S. results are certain to spark more hand-wringing by politicians.
Business leaders and policy makers concerned that American students are not keeping pace with counterparts in other countries.
They are grading teachers on student test scores, expanding school-choice options and instituting more rigorous math and reading standards.
Other areas that aren't countries, such as Shanghai, tested enough students to have individual rankings.
The analysis found a strong correlation between higher test scores and students' school attendance and punctuality.
Just three of the factors that Mr. Kwai tested had a statistically significant and positive effect on student retention.
Since it suggests that good early academic advising could improve international student success.
Notably, however, Mr. Kwai’s results indicated that English-language skill was not a significant factor in foreign-student retention.
It were hampering students’ ability to succeed academically and culturally on American campuses.
As many as 64 percent said their offices were not doing anything specifically to accommodate the foreign student population.
Yes, international students have unique needs, but we’re not prepared to provide unique services.
His office also is trying to provide better training for both faculty and staff members in working with international students.
Ensuring that international students enjoy their time on American campuses and succeed academically is important to continuing recruitment.
And at institutions with small endowments and small name recognition, it’s single-digit.
Enrollment is flat or declining in many parts of the country.
And for colleges that are not well known, the race to lure students with big discounts is becoming unsustainable.
While the reset will have little effect on net revenue per student.
medication becomes the most reliable and pragmatic way to redirect the student toward success.
People who are getting A’s and B’s, I won’t give it to them.
Some experts see little harm in a responsible physician using A.D.H.D. medications to help a struggling student.
Our students are very resilient. They’re going to make it work.
That can be a lot of tuition to pay, without a degree to show for it.
At the very least, they could be accused of lowering expectations for some students.
I’m saying, let’s get them some intervening credentials, some intervening milestones.
Free massive open online courses, or MOOCs, have drawn millions and yielded results.
The courses will be online and free for those not seeking a degree.
Their students had low graduation rates and high loan default rates.
and why Chinese and other Asian students score well above American counterparts on international math tests.
Students [in those countries] work hard, their parents have higher expectations.
That arithmetic can serve as a good foundation for students to learn algebra or other advanced math.
And that is a central lesson at the school, which is pushing students to rethink the boundaries for many industries.
In the eight years since the design school opened, students have churned out dozens of innovative products and start-ups.
One emphasis is to let students leave campus and observe people as they deal with life’s messy problems.
The school challenges students to create, tinker and relentlessly test possible solutions on their users
An important element of the school, Mr. Kelley says, is having students start small,
A recent boot camp class dispatched students to local hair salons to tackle that age-old problem: the bad haircut.
One group was surprised to learn that sweeping hair off the floor is the bane of many hairdressers.
Over two quarters, students team up with partners from around the world to tackle their real-world problems.
So far, “Extreme” students, as they are called, have completed 90 projects with 27 partners in 19 countries.
This year, students will work with partners in Cambodia, India, Nepal, Nicaragua, Senegal and South Africa.
Production is already underway, in low volumes, and by 2015, the students hope to have manufactured 15,000 braces.
a class that asks students to sign a pledge agreeing to introduce a product or service in 10 weeks.
Students arrive at SEED typically two to three grade levels behind and spend much of the next years playing catch-up.
Adams, who became the head of SEED two years ago, has been improving the attrition rate.
To survive that back and forth, many SEED students learn to code switch.
It was proud of two students who intervened to stop Mr. Turner’s attack.
High school students in many parts of east Asia continue to perform better at maths.
The OECD's Program for International Student Assessment is the most influential international measure.
OECD's international student assessment program is the most influential international project ever measured.
Subjects in which east Asian students also scored more highly than their counterparts in Europe.
Shanghai and other parts of east Asia stretched their advantage over the three years since the previous assessment.
It appears to be their willingness to invest additional resources to boost the performance of disadvantaged pupils.
Students are prepared academically, but they’re not prepared to deal with day-to-day life. 
Our daughter is a senior in high school and quite comfortable with her lesbian identity.
When students present themselves as who they are, it’s rewarded in the admissions process. 
One gay student told me that his parents did something similar and it gave him a sense of shame.
Every June, millions of students in China take the all-important gaokao.
The two- to three-day exam tests students’ ability in mathematics, science, the humanities, a foreign language and Chinese.
Given this prompt, many Chinese students, hope to second-guess what the exam-graders would consider a “correct” response.
She recommended that students respond to the prompt by expressing an appreciation for tolerance, respect, virtue and calm.
It turns away a significant number of students applying for computer science. 
The first students will work on projects related to wearable technology and the Internet of things.
These are leading-edge experiments in how to educate students for a new kind of world.
In China, if you teach the students and they don’t get it, that’s their problem.
I want students to know that Chinese people are not crazy.
Some students were shocked to learn that Chinese people are using their phones too.
The graduating class discussed with zheng yue about the Beijing Opera.
Ms. Zheng has described to her classes the high-pressure schools she attended in the city of Pingdingshan.
I hope my students have a very sweet memory of learning Chinese.
These brochures crammed with photos depict a Chinese student’s high-achieving life from birth to young adulthood.
At rural Grinnell, nearly one of every 10 applicants being considered for the class of 2015 is from China.
Dozens of other American colleges and universities are seeing a surge in applications from students in China.
After all, the 11-member admissions committee cannot necessarily rely on the rubrics it applies to American applications.
Grinnell, for example, is need-blind when considering American students who are evaluated regardless of their ability to pay.
But it is need-aware to consider their ability to pay for admitting international students.
Grinnell began to receive applications from a steady number of Chinese students in the early 2000s.
And many of the Chinese students they accepted have achieved remarkable academic success.
The graduation rate for Chinese students is equal to that o Grinnell's total graduation rate.
Most of Grinnell's Chinese students have done well in economics, mathematics or science.
Chinese students are required to devote significantly more time to their studies than American students.
Students receive three percentile scores, one for each section and a combined mark.
Students in the performance stream will attend acting classes, practice singing Chinese classics in the Southern Chinese dialect.
Students in the music stream will specialize in the wind, string and percussion instruments used in the ancient art form.
Students from both streams will go on internships with local opera troupes or government-run Cantonese opera promotion campaigns.
We are looking for students who have some basic training in Cantonese opera.
Pupils learn about Cantonese opera through activities like reading scripts and watching live performances.
The students may one day borrow books from an underground library.
The students may attend lectures in a subterranean auditorium or even swim in an Olympic-size swimming pool below sea level.
A first-year medical student from the United States left his skateboard in the entrance of a 19th-century lecture hall here.
Students are expected to stand at attention in classrooms until a bell rings and their professors enter.
Though it still hosts far fewer international students than Western Europe does, the region appears to be attracting growing interest.
The Czech Republic reported a doubling of foreign students from 2005 to 2011.
While Slovakia saw a more than fivefold increase in its foreign student population, according to Unesco.
Many of the foreign students who choose the region are to study medicine or other health care disciplines.
In 2010, the fields of “health and welfare” accounted for 30 percent of foreign student enrollment in Poland.
In Slovakia, 45 percent of foreign students were studying health subjects.
While in Poland foreigners made up 15 percent of students in those classes.
6 to 9 percent of students pursuing those degrees are foreigners.
Graduates who wish to practice medicine in the United States, however, must pass the U.S. Medical Licensing Examinations.
Of its 12,719 enrolled students, 1,910 take coursework in English and 911 in German.
International students also provide real financial advantages, compared to Hungarians, who study free or nearly so, do not.
Semmelweis’s programs have drawn students as well as from Middle Eastern countries including Iran and Israel.
Medical students in the country are in contact with patients earlier than many of their peers in other countries.
After their second year, medical students typically have greater access to human cadavers than their counterparts in Western Europe.
The software uses artificial intelligence to grade student essays and short written answers, freeing professors for other tasks.
The tool enables students to take tests and write essays over and over and improve the quality of their answers.
Students are telling us they learn much better with instant feedback.
It will also provide general feedback, like telling a student whether an answer was on topic or not.
It allows students to get immediate feedback on their work, so that learning turns into a game.
Students also have few chances to do scientific experiments and exercise independent thinking.”according to Shanghai Daily, an English-language newspaper.
Also,it limits opportunities to cultivate social responsibilities, creative spirit, and practical abilities in students.
Over the years, he has tried to spark innovative thinking among his students, but he is missing a critical element.
The endless hours students put into practicing for the SAT will be work that's worth doing.
He aims to have a test that requires students to demonstrate the skills.
The skills are that good classroom teachers drill them on to reach academic excellence.
Students can get top marks for declaring that the Declaration of Independence was written by Justin Bieber.
We should not be encouraging students to make up the facts.
Over and over, Mr. Coleman returns to the need to prod students into marshaling their evidence.
The question could ask students to use math to analyze the data in an economics study.
They've still got the same weak-to-moderate predictive power ― less than a student's high school grades.
The two tests should move from delivering assessment to delivering opportunity for those students.
We will consider students who take the assessment as within our care.
Those students who take the test on a computer will see a new breed of questions-free-response questions.
In one sample question, students move a plunger on a cylindrical gas tank to change gas pressure and temperature.
In another question, students "pour” four different liquids into beakers to see which one rises to the top.
The tests track student learning over time as well as progress in the current school year.
We're trying to give students and teachers more information that can help them.
Few students outside the South and the Midwest would even consider taking it.
12 states now require, and pay for, all public high school juniors to take the test.
There is also a real shift in the behavior of top high school students.
I think more students are trying to make sure they've done everything they can.
Those are just the students who did well enough on both tests to believe their scores would boost their chances.
Admissions officers worry that test prep has become the main junior-year extracurricular activity.
All but seven of the top 10 percent of the graduating class took both the ACT and SAT.
The SAT is about getting the students to understand what they're being asked.
Many students find that they do not have enough time to work through all the questions.
Students with learning disabilities who qualify for extra time usually do better taking the ACT.
About 47 percent of the students he works with now take both tests.
It doesn't concern us at all whether students send the SAT, the ACT or both.
Our online curriculum allows students to learn at their own pace.
Only a few students want to take a foreign language or health science course.
The "I Have a Dream” Foundation helps disadvantaged students to gain the academic and life skills.
Students who had failed classes were using our personalized curriculum to learn and earn the credits they needed.
I want to pioneer more engaging and effective ways for students to experience real pleasure of learning.
That experience inspired my efforts to help students advance at their own pace.
The packages arrived by mail in October of the students' senior year of high school.
For students, particularly low-income students, go off track and don't pursue the opportunities they have earned, we can't stand by.
Many low-income students had the high school grades and scores to thrive at the nation's 238 most selective colleges.
At most top colleges, the student body remains dominated by affluent students.
The new research shows that large numbers of talented, well-prepared low-income teenagers exist.
Mailing is as a low-cost, customized version of the college counseling that upper-income students take for granted.
The packets explained application deadlines and student qualifications at a range of colleges.
The average net annual cost for a year in 2010-11 was almost $10,000 for families making less than $30,000,
Adults who attended an elite college are surprised at student debt.
Students who saw a packet submitted 48 percent more applications than the control group.
They were about 40 percent more likely to apply to a college matching their academic qualifications.
Many low-income students who graduate from less selective colleges do very well.
Top students are likely to graduate from top colleges in far greater numbers than from the colleges many now attend.
The more affluent (and slightly less deserving) students they displace will move down only a notch on the college spectrum.
By surveying Chinese students, she found that 75 percent of them had adopted English names.
With so many Chinese students pursuing American degrees, just trying can go a long way. 
The first is that we teachers should define and provide to our students a kind of general, flexible human learning.
Less than 20 percent of our students go on to get Ph.D.s. 
Many students end up in the business world, broadly construed, not in academia.
Perhaps we should prepare students for entrepreneurial opportunities suggested by our own disciplines. 
I try to make it more useful in confronting issues of creativity and morality in the work world.
Students can take it without need of my physical presence. 
It has given me time to reflect about what I am doing for my students. 
I have tried to enhance my students’ sense that finance should be the art of financing important human activities。
It prepared students for life beyond college, but shut down that program in 1954. 
Being viewed through the lens of the positive stereotype can enhance the performance of Asian-American students. 
Teachers and guidance counselors were making assumptions about Asian-American students’ ability and work ethic. 
What happened was that even mediocre students tended to rise. 
They performed better than they had performed in the past once they were anointed as high-achieving. 
The perception that Asian-Americans are high achieving can actually enhance or boost their performance.
Those who don’t earn straight A’s, who don’t make it into the top universities, often feel like ethnic outliers. 
As hundreds of students type feverishly at their laptops, dozens more are passed out in sleeping bags. 
On the same stage, two reps from Microsoft encouraged students to build projects using its motion-sensing Kinect.
Now weekend hackathons organized by and for students are surging in size, scale and frequency.
That includes student travel expenses, be it on a bus rented by organizers or a domestic flight. 
Students are also provided free housing , free meals, free snacks, free beverages, free T-shirts. 
At hackathons he enjoys meeting like-minded students from across the country.
At TreeHacks, a team of Apple engineers was on hand to mentor students at all hours of the night.
In one iconic scene in the Oscar-winning film The Social Network, Mark Zuckerberg hosts a hackathon among five students. 
Mr. Chen says he strongly believes that the best talent are at these opt-in courses called hackathons.
He adds that the courses are essential for any student pursuing a career in tech. 
Seeing which students can thrive in a chaotic environment akin to nascent start-ups is a boon to recruiters. 
I can name off the top of my head at least 10 dropouts. 
Stacey Sickels Locke says that students need this kind of space all the time, not just at hackathons.
A student majors in something with no obvious pathway to a decent job. 
Students should look for a college or university that has organized its educational program.
I've heard students say: If I just do well in my major, I'll be ready for my career.
As a guidance counselor, I would begin by understanding the student's long-term goals.
It ask students to do little more than read and discern the correct answers on bubble tests.
It do not relate to any current staff members or pupils
The former Aldwickbury student is one of dozens of people who have come forward.
He is now 83, was convicted of abusing students 8 to 13 from 1959 to 1970.
He said he could envision such a course being required for students.
Wikipedia editing will force students to think clearly and avoid jargon.
He said he planned to see the students for two days at the start.
We used to be trying to open our doors to all students.
Students who receive the top score, generally around a 9.2 or 9.3, are the brightest
Below that rating, it becomes tougher for students to get the aid they need to attend.
Some students and faculty members are opposed to the invitation to speak.
Bergno is known for his tolerance of homosexuals and illegal immigrant students.
Britain attracts more international students than any country except the United States.
74 percent of entrants to full-time master’s programs were from outside Britain.
The report identifies the tuition increase as the likely cause of the decline.
The last time international student numbers decreased in Britain was in the early 1980s.
They now represent nearly a quarter of all students enrolled in full-time master’s programs.
That increase has taken place as the numbers of students from India, Pakistan, and Iran.
The numbers of students coming from Pakistan and India have halved since 2010.
Those shifts, all of which may have suggested to international students.
One Harvard student named John F. Kennedy ― president of the United States.
The writing students I teach were more than happy to skip the gym.
The study is on testing what students around the world actually learn in colleges and universities.
The new system is the obvious follow-up to the Program for International Student Assessment, or PISA.
We need some language to talk about teaching quality and learning outcomes that isn’t tied to research.
The long-term economic gain accruing to students over their lifetime would be about $115 trillion.
One sample generic skills exercise asks students to imagine they work for the mayor’s office.
The students should assess the likelihood that the mutation was caused by chemical contamination, parasites.
The Air Force hopes the program will attract students in so-called STEM subjects.
Students work with its airmen on developing solutions for the three challenges.
The program will also allow students to participate and solve real problems the Air Force solves every day.
A highly qualified student was with a 3.95 unweighted grade point average and 2300 on the SAT.
Our Indian-American student needed more extracurricular activities and engineering awards to be ranked a 1.
He is a Mexican-American student with a moving, well-written essay but a 3.4 G.P.A. and SATs below 1800.
Both students were among typical applicants used as norms to train application readers like myself.
Berkeley might accept 21 percent of freshman applicants over all but only 12 percent in engineering.
They seem to prize the high-paying out-of-state students who are so attractive during times of a growing budget gap.
Why a student who resembled a throng of applicants and had only a 3.5 G.P.A. should rank so highly?
I asked about an Asian student who I thought was a 2 but had only received a 3.
She said the same when I asked why a low-income student with top grades and scores was a 3.
I was simply to notice whether the student came from a non-English-speaking household.
Yet readers also want to know if a student has taken challenging courses.
A reader ranks an applicant low because she sees an overcount in the student’s a-g courses.
We’re here to find factors that advance the student to a higher ranking.
Another reader thinks the student is “good” but we have so many of these kids.
In my application pile, many students from immigrant households had excellent grades and test scores.
There is another student suffering from parents’ divorce, a learning difference, a rare disease.
The assistant director’s words ― look for evidence a student can succeed at Berkeley.
Those words echoed in my ears when I wanted to give a disadvantaged applicant a leg up in the world.
If these students got to Berkeley they would be exposed to all sorts of test-taking and studying techniques.
Does Berkeley have sufficient support services to bridge gaps and ensure success?
About 92 percent of whites and Asians at Berkeley graduate within six years.
17 percent of students who express interest in the sciences graduate with a science degree within five years.
My job as an application reader, is evaluating the potential success of so many hopeful students.
The chancellor has set a goal that 20 percent of students come from outside California.
Nobody should say we have too many of one and not enough of another.
The student reports to us their G.P.A., and shows us every strength and every marker.
Readers in the application-review stage should not consider anything that’s out of that student’s control.
She advises students to put forth any information on their profiles that might impress an employer, even test scores.
Many graduating students are unable to find jobs that pay well, if they can find jobs at all. 
Little wonder that business majors outnumber liberal-arts majors in the U.S. by two-to-one.
But none of it does a student any good if he or she doesn't end up with a degree.
What's more, it is also important to look at how long it takes students to graduate.
Only about 60% of Division 1 university students graduate in six years, for example. 
Students poured into IT programs in the late 1990s, responding to the Silicon Valley boom.
That means students will rush to train in that field and the supply of potential workers goes up.
The message reminded students that the job market for engineers has always been competitive and cyclical.
Let's say a student spends four years learning to market pharmaceuticals.
Students  will have an easier time getting their first job in the field than students with liberal-arts degrees.
Students that go the practical route should delay choosing majors and specialized courses as long as possible.
Students can rely on real-time information from the career office to gauge demand.
The program offers a general management curriculum as well as career development to enter the job market.
In states like Texas, the pressure is on to steer even more students toward them.
The students spent their time filling out questionnaires unrelated to the study.
It includes everything a student needs to know to walk into that test and not be surprised.
Students will be asked to analyze a text and how the author builds an argument.
The College Board claimed that the new SAT would narrow the gap between rich and poor students' scores.
Nor do they expect that the new test will hold any less stress for students.
They are within the funding allocation for "Erasmus+" a broader successor program to Erasmus the European international student exchange system.
He introduced a plan to make learning a second foreign language compulsory for 12-year-olds.
They received a greater percentage of federal Pell Grants than traditional students.
Older students may have jobs or rely on a spouse's income.
Older students face financial sacrifice and academic pressure they did not anticipate.
His experience galvanized him to create a Liberal and Professional Studies Student Association, a support group.
The day-and-a-half event included networking, a tour of the campus and details about graduate programs.
It filled with foreign-born students, including hundreds of whom lack legal immigration status.
Chancellor Henry T. Yang walked over to the students mounting the objection.
Such students make up less than 10 percent of the overall enrollment.
Researchers studied eight high schools in three states before and after they moved to later start times in recent years.
The school district sprawls across 300 square miles of flatland, with 18,000 students and 458 bus routes.
She was just a sophomore, and did not particularly relish conflict.
Grades in some first- and third-period classes rose between half a point and a full grade point.
It is really reassuring to know that students can have a say in the matter.
Laughter crackled across the lobby, as buses dropped off more students, and others drifted in from the parking lots.
The rest of the students-cum-gangsters sneered and ridiculed one another, jostling for supremacy over America’s illicit trade.
Meanwhile, in nearby meeting rooms, 1,200 students in other small “committees” recreated scenes from the Civil War.
Students also recreated scene of Pakistani cabinet meeting and the cult TV series “The Wire.”
In classic MUN, students represent the positions and values of assigned countries.
Students adher to official protocols when speaking, negotiating and drafting resolutions.
Students can enjoy the camaraderie and intelligent debate, Phill Venice said.
Students are less concerned with working together to achieve common solutions than in standing out to the committee chairperson.
The committee chairperson chooses a winner based on contribution to the proceedings.
Underscoring just how extreme the competition has become, many students refer to a phenomenon known as the “golden gavel” .
Two students told me they are convinced they lost an award this way.
It’s a point of pride for a lot of American conferences that it’s all student-run.
These students and teachers value a level of competition inherent to their culture of prestige and awards.
There’s a certain student at these schools who wants to be in a decision-making position.
Frankly, students care less about the U.N. and about broader national affairs.
We’re asking people to actually do research in foreign policy, not to do MUN as a caricature,Eaton said.
Prep for Prep is ready color students for attendance at private schools like Dalton and Groton and so on.
Hundreds of the program’s alumni have gone on to law, medical and business schools.
Hundreds of the program’s alumni have employed at Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Time Warner.
The exceptional children regardless of race, almost entirely from families who make less than $55,000 a year.
As a society we have begun to pay increasing and essential attention to gaining access to the top.
Fees are an increasingly heavy burden on students in places like England, Ireland, the United States and parts of Canada.
After a federal court decision in 2005,eight states in the former West Germany use the opportunity to charge modest tuitions.
The concept of paying for education remained deeply unpopular with students and the general public.
The introduction of fees appears to have had little impact on the growth of Germany’s student population as a whole.
Germany’s student population has risen by roughly half a million since 2006.
If students saw what they were getting for their money, they would gladly make their financial contribution.
The student fees that were put into place would never deter anyone from studying.
Besides all the other measures,the student fee contributions have been especially indispensable.
The student fee contributions have noticeably ameliorated actual academic supervision, said Mechtild von Münchhausen.
Student stipends and low-interest loans both fairly new concepts in Germany.
For her, earning a degree without taking on a penny of student debt was enough of a milestone.
He did the same homework, wrote the same papers and took the same tests as on-campus students at other colleges.
He is the first student from Ossining High ever to reach the finals.
Tuesday night’s announcement will close this particular chapter of these students’ lives.
They groomed students from an early age for competitions like Intel.
Not that its students spend hours getting lost in the languorous scenery.
Like Stuyvesant High School, Ossining has a dedicated research program, which students enter in the 10th grade.
The program encourages students to find a subject with which they have a personal connection.
It is one of several causes behind the low ratio of female students in science and engineering departments.
Female students also have an easier time finding jobs after graduation.
Today, about 6 percent of TiTech’s mechanical engineering students are women.
It’s a question that has become harder for students to answer.
Half of students will change their majors after they declare, sometimes more than once.
Colleges and universities have vested interests in students declaring majors early.
Students no longer have the luxury of stumbling into a major or making mistakes.
Ms. Collier tells students，you’ve taken the same six subjects since kindergarten.
Students can declare for three semesters before choosing a specialized major.
Students often don’t realize that many popular majors have math and science requirements.
The biggest mistake students make is failing to research what’s required of the major, and the profession.
But nursing students take the same demanding math and science curriculum as pre-med students.
Quirkier additions to the list obviously reflect marketplace trends and student demand.
But four years from now, freshmen will be applying for jobs that don’t even exist today.
We tell students to find a major that makes you intellectually engaged.
In September, Avenues opened with 740 students, from pre-K to ninth grade.
Avenues students may run to their “Empire State of Mind: Thinking About Jay-Z in a New Way” “mini-mester”.
Topher Collier was one of New York’s top child psychologists and head of Avenues’ student success team.
Where students are tended to by a 10-person success team and are expected to find a passion?
Enrollment will grow to 1,100 students next year, Whittle says, with applications up 10 to 15 percent over last year.
He was a good student in a program for gifted children.
Students get the message that class work isn’t what counts, and that the standardized exam is the truer measure.
Every May in Taiwan, more than 200,000 ninth-grade children take the Basic Competency Test for Junior High School Students.
Many students go to cram school almost every night to study all the subjects on the test.
They matched each student’s genotype to his or her test score.
One study of Beijing schoolchildren calculated the advantage to be 10 I.Q. points.
The Taiwanese students with the slow-acting enzymes sank on the national exam.
On average, they scored 8 percent lower than those with the fast-acting enzymes.
As of 2014, Taiwan will no longer require all students to take the Basic Competency Test,
A similar mental shift can also help students in test-taking situations.
A couple of months later, the students turned in their real G.R.E. scores.
In ongoing work, Jamieson is replicating the experiment with remedial math students at a Midwestern community college.
Those students stand with shoulders hunched, or perhaps rub their hands and stamp their feet to get warm.
At that same test center, you might see students shoulders back, chest open, putting weight on their toes.
Students can use a credit card to connect, sometimes in less than a minute, with a live tutor.
No-appointment-needed services can be especially helpful to students with tight budgets or tight time frames or those in remote areas.
Crowdsourcing sites such as StudyBlue enable students to share study guides, notes and flashcards.
Some school districts pay New York City-based TutaPoint and other online-tutoring sites to provide free access to students.
Some students take a summer job in food service to pay the bills.
Others can afford to accept unpaid jobs at high-profile organizations, setting them on a more lucrative path.
Disadvantages students from places that are underrepresented in positions of leadership.
This generation of students faces significantly worse job prospects than its predecessors.
A compounding effect prejudiced against students who come from working-class or lower-income circumstances.
By shutting out these students from entry-level experiences in certain fields.
But they should eliminate barriers that prevent low-income and underrepresented students from pursuing these opportunities.
Using existing student aid programs to facilitate internship grants for low-income students.
It includes Federal Work-Study and the Free Application for Federal Student Aid.
When you had a teleconference, how many students would be on the air one time?
I guess there were around eight students in two different sites. 
The students were aged between 9 and 12 years old. 
Ninety-nine per cent of primary pupils now have hands-on experience of computers.
When you are a student, you are only responsible for yourself.
Being a student is quite relaxing and very nice.  
I think they understand what the students have come through. 
It's difficult for trying to all students be on the same page.
One student I worked particularly closely with wrote a goodbye card to me.
On my birthday last year, my second-grade students were acting particularly out of control.
When I walked up, I saw my quietest student standing there with his mom.
On the day of his funeral, the room was packed with his students.
My students found it incredibly fascinating that I regularly had a can of cola on my desk.
I had a really difficult class of 16 year old students.
The students had lifted the heavy book boxes on the floor onto a shelf for me.
It was a more thoughtful and sweet farewell of students than I got from any of the staff.
I read my students Dr. Seuss’s “Happy Birthday To You” on my birthday this year.
At playtime that day, all the students in my grade got together.
It was a weird but thoughtful thing for my students to do for me.
It is given to more than half a million 15 and 16-year-old students in 65 countries and cities.
The city's students have outperformed their counterparts around the world on math, reading and science.
Shanghai's students beated out a mix of other countries and cities.
For years, China has been the world's biggest exporter of students. 
It is a competition for high school students that China dominates. 
China has given the OECD test to students only in Shanghai, Hong Kong and Macau.
It isn't clear whether including additional regions would decrease China's average score. 
Students from second-tier cities can often be more competitive in subjects like math.
They need higher scores than students in Beijing and Shanghai to gain admittance to the country's top colleges.
I can teach what I think match my students needs the best as well.
The language has more than 20,000 written characters, which most students in China learn by rote memorization.
ShaoLan Hsueh's book arrives, as more and more U.S. students are learning Chinese.
In almost every student in China who knows the proverb, these figures are more in line with national conditions.
When the adult acted generously, students gave the same amount whether generosity was preached or not.
That doesn’t mean you’re less gifted than all of the students who were welcomed there.
Chanting that Murray was “racist, sexist, anti-gay,” the students wouldn’t let him talk.
He upbraided students for insisting on being swaddled in Bubble Wrap.
It was early May, and the students were in the final weeks of Designing Your Life.
Silviana Ilcus, an art history major who had completed more than 230 units at Stanford.
Programs like No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top have contributed to more testing and more teacher-directed instruction.
She looked at the students’ performance several years later, in third and fourth grade.
The format is simple: three 90-minute discussion sessions for groups of 12 first-year students.
One student in our group was having a hard time choosing between government and science.
More than a decade ago, eighth graders in a small Tennessee town set out to collect six million paper clips.
Even without rezoning, families living in districts with overcrowded schools may find their best-laid plans upended.
When students jump from school to school either midyear or between grades, personalization is difficult.
Ms. LeMieux says the principal greets students by name each morning at drop-off.
He noticed “horrible, pained looks” from the whole class when they saw the questions.
He soon learned that the students did not know he had changed the reading assignment. 
A student might prefer to use this medium at 2 a.m..
Earlier it was because some students weren’t plugged in enough into any virtual communication.
A professor announced that students could text him last semester. 
Engineering students are told to check e-mail at a particular day and time to confirm their spot.
Some students recently lined up at 2 a.m. to sign up for job-recruiting interviews.
Ms. Ratliff often has excited students turning up in her office. 
Students are fluent with things like smartphones and downloading music. 
Dr. Junco recruited students by ― wait for it ― e-mail.
Faculty and staff love to blame students for not checking e-mail.
Former English majors turn up almost anywhere, in almost any career.
Whenever I teach older students, whether they’re undergraduates, graduate students or junior faculty.
His complaints reflect some of the difficulties that many Chinese students seem to face when they go abroad.
More Chinese students than ever are setting their sights abroad. 
The United States remained the No. 1 destination for self-financed Chinese students between 2012 and 2013.
Chinese students made up nearly 30 percent of foreign students in the United States last year.
The students often are unaware of the amount of financial aid available.
A lot of low-income and middle-income students have the inclination to stay local, at known colleges.
The colleges that most low-income students attend have fewer resources and lower graduation rates than selective colleges.
Many students who attend a local college do not graduate. 
Those who do graduate can miss out on the career opportunities that top colleges offer.
The study suggests that the problems, and the opportunities, for low-income students are larger than previously thought.
It has aggressively recruited poor and middle-class students in recent years.
That so many high-achieving, lower-income students exist is a very important realization.
Top low-income students in the nation’s 15 largest metropolitan areas do often apply to selective colleges.
Elite colleges may soon face more pressure to recruit poor and middle-class students.
Among high-achieving, low-income students, 6 percent were black, 8 percent Latino, 15 percent Asian-American and 69 percent white.
Ms. Leon was the valedictorian of her 17-member senior class in the ranch town of Fort Davis.
But some colleges, especially the most selective, offer enough aid to close or eliminate the gap for low-income students.
They make it to top colleges, high-achieving, low-income students tend to thrive there.
The notes from a clinic visit last spring said she was a good student.
When Amanda Wolfbauer, a high school senior, received the admissions verdict from Hamilton College, in Clinton, N.Y..
Given the high stakes and the opaque proceedings, however, some students just cannot hold back.
Hopeful students are trying to express their interest without coming off like a stalker.
Trinity College, in Hartford, Conn., which offers several hundred students a spot on its waiting list.
Students who travel to study and spend their time becoming engineers or economists.
Students who travel to study learn nothing about the place they have studied and lived in, or the fellow students.
The number of them is going to double from four to eight million a year by 2020.
What can Chinese students learn from institutions like Sotheby’s about the art market in the West?
I think most of our students want to start their own gallery or business after graduating.
At the time, Mr. Lam was still a student and had not yet been hired by the company.
He was clearly the hometown hero in the sort of student show.
After the performance, Mr. Lam shyly accepted congratulations from awe-stuck students backstage.
It makes students have more time for testing and arithmetic drills.
I can almost imagine a yoga instructor asking a class to meditate.
Student test scores were regularly among the lowest in the state.
K-12 students scored an average of 11 percentile points higher on standardized achievement tests.
A similar study found a nearly 20 percent decrease in violent or delinquent behavior.
The goal is for students to write out the steps of an apology, including reparation.
Students begin each day by locating themselves on the mood meter.
One work was made by first graders that struck me as both impressive and alarming.
She began by having students sit in a circle to discuss problems that came up in the last game.
It was hard to tell if roshambo was teaching deeper lessons of fairness and problem-solving.
She also said that it gave the other students the moral authority to hold another player accountable.
Most of the interaction among students will take place in the forums.
If a student takes a test, they’re going to be texting their parents.
Math and verbal scores proved to be an accurate predictor of the students’ later accomplishments.
At the time, the students had also taken the Differential Aptitude Test.
Students with a high spatial aptitude are overrepresented in those fields.
Boys greatly outnumbered girls, 393 to 170, reflecting the original scores of the students in the ’70s. 
A group of 12-year-olds was watching a clip from the film version of Louis Sachar’s novel Holes.
The students each composed a director’s note for the actress. 
Students were boiling red cabbage over bunsen burners as part of a lesson about measuring acidity.
Scotland were taking a curriculum in which national exams for 16-year-old students had been abolished.
The Program for International Student Assessment is organized by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
The public is debating on precisely what students were expected to learn.
The Curriculum for Excellence is designed to encourage students to make connections between subjects.
It used to be that only students who did well on exams were thought of as the smart ones. 
Precisely the areas that have been squeezed in England by the need to prepare students for so many exams.
Students are encouraged to write, but also to make things, give oral presentations and staging performances.
With her students constantly actively thinking, Ms. Macleod found teaching the curriculum more enjoyable.
The union welcomes freeing teachers to deliver a learning experience that was more engaging and relevant for pupils.
Give teachers and students more time to prepare for the new Highers, scheduled to be introduced next year. 
Writing teachers across the land still urge students, “Find your voice”.
Spring Hill began offering $1,000 scholarships for taking a campus tour.
They are offering deeper discounts for those students who can't afford tuition. 
What books had the greatest influence on you when you were a student?
The courses aren’t cheap, costing about $350, with discounts for students, members and teachers.
Many of them take on large amounts of debt and often do not graduate.
Low-income students are less likely to graduate from high school than more affluent students.
They are taking in many of these older and lower-income students.
They are hoping to enroll more black, Hispanic and American Indian students in the process.
It's overwhelmingly favors well-off, white students, leaving less room for poor students.
The out-of-state students pay much higher tuition, and are less likely to be poor.
Transfers accounted for 35 percent of newly enrolled students at Berkeley last year.
The institute hoped to offer the program again this year with 50 to 100 students.
Only 12 percent of students in the global M.B.A. program are German.
There is 23 percent of students come from other European countries.
The largest contingent, 38 percent of the student body, are from Asia, while 23 percent come from North America.
They do show that more applicants took the first step to get into European schools.
Just 15 years after the end of World War II, Insead accepted its first group of M.B.A. students.
I would recommend Leon Green’s “Judge and Jury” for law students.
What were the most influential books you read as a student? 
She uses her Web site to dispense assignments and readings to her students.
I just don’t like the idea of looking at a screen and not at the students.
The studenes from the United States are well behind the leading countries in reading and math.
We need a schoolhouse that prepares students to do that kind of work.
The key is breaking free of the mass-production model, tailoring the curriculum to the student.
Some students might be working together on an assignment appropriate to their shared level of competence.
You pull together another group, or you go to an individual, then you flow them out to the next task.
Entire units of curriculum can be loaded on the tablet in advance or sent out as an instant update.
It’s like I design the flow chart and the kids follow their own path through it.
Good teachers already get the “data” that matter just by paying attention to their students.
We must equip our students to compete with counterparts in India and China.
It can anticipate all the ways technology companies could put student information to use.
School district needs me to know these kids are struggling with X and these others with Y.
Middle schooler spends seven hours gazing at a screen outside of school.
That makes it possible to determine exactly what students are reacting to on the screen.
This growing stream of information can be analyzed down to individual keystrokes.
Theory, each student will generate the intellectual equivalent of a fantastically detailed medical chart.
A student has to generate the necessary information by doing everything on the tablet.
It turns out that there isn’t yet much solid research on the effects of screen time on schoolchildren.
Their students are fixed on programs that give the right answer.
I told her stories from Amplify’s pilot programs about previously marginal, quiet students blossoming.
I confessed to my own reaction to students staring at screens.
He wouldn’t put fourth graders in a MOOC ― a massive open online course.
He is asked how to handle students goofing off on the tablet in class.
They breake up the students on the fly into groups based on their answers.
One student should be guided to an interactive simulation of coral-reef ecology.
You find you can actually give each student a lot more of yourself.
The greater income inequality and thinner social safety net make for much wider variation in student performance.
Over the years, the Jeffco school system had invested in a couple of dozen student data systems.
It would be shared with the colleges to which students applied.
Students are currently subject to more forms of tracking and monitoring than ever before.
In April, Louisiana officials said they would remove all student data from the database.
We are officially the worst state in the country when it comes to student privacy.
Many districts across the country are investing in software to analyze individual student performance in more detail.
Nine states, representing more than 11 million students, had agreed to help develop or test the technology.
Later, she moves to a student named Tyler and selects an e-book “for at-risk students” for his further reading.
It will foster their critical thinking or improve their graduation rates.
Students may grow out of some behaviors or not want them shared with third parties.
The company does not look at, use, analyze, mine or sell the student data it stores.
The idea of collating data from a student’s record has the same logic as electronic health records.
He can get a more comprehensive view of his students’ progress.
The district plans to invest up to $2 million in a student assessment dashboard.
His company’s system could pull student information directly from the local data storage system that Jeffco already has.
The data repository doesn’t guarantee that its electronic files on students are not susceptible to intrusion or attack.
She has also revised her original plan to upload student disciplinary data to inBloom.
They are laying claim to a degree of identity freedom nearly unimaginable.
Today’s students grew up with Gay-Straight Alliances in their high schools.
A task force of students, faculty members and administrators took nearly a decade of lobbying.
They are accused of using a stolen student ID in the cafeteria.
The faculty rely on a student-information system that listed only legal names.
She required an in-person visit to the dean of students’ office and filling out paperwork.
Mr. Williams looked into how students couldn't have to make a special request.
They supply the student’s pronoun on class rosters and advisee lists.
The change fueled gender-awareness campaigns by students all over the country.
About 100 schools now allow students to indicate a moniker other than their legal first name.
On campuses across the country gender-conscious students have adopted the earnest, P.C. 
They encourage teachers to include time in the day for students.
Students in Stanford’s Graduate School of Business had extensive training in probability.
Her senior-year G.P.A. was 3.50, placing her 39th out of 559 students in her graduating class.
Many are overwhelmed by expenses or take on too many loans.
Some students do what Vanessa was on the verge of doing.
The school’s administrators are addressing head-on the problems faced by students like Vanessa.
He has been given the responsibility for helping these students succeed is a 56-year-old chemistry professor named David Laude.
He occasionally calls students to the front of the class to ignite balloons filled with hydrogen into giant fireballs.
Students in that school joined secret societies and wore academic gowns to class.
Laude paid special attention as a professor to how students were doing in his class.
He acknowledged that some of his failing students just weren’t cut out for chemistry.
To get a better sense of who these struggling students were, Laude started pulling records from the provost’s office.
Many of them fit into certain ethnic, racial and geographic profiles.
Students in TIP were placed in their own, smaller section of Chemistry 301, taught by Laude.
Laude insisted that they master exactly the same challenging material as the students in his larger section.
I taught my 500-student chemistry class, and then I walked upstairs and I taught this 50-student chemistry class.
He offered TIP students two hours each week of extra instruction.
He found upperclassmen to work with the TIP students one on one, as peer mentors.
This cohort of students returned for their sophomore year at rates above average for the university as a whole.
Texas high-school seniors now have to be in the top 7 percent of their class to earn admission.
Automatic admits ― Vanessa Brewer among them ― make up about three-quarters of each freshman class.
The top 7 percent of students look a lot like the students anywhere who go on to attend elite colleges.
These students fit a very different demographic and have, on average, much lower SAT scores.
But when he looked at the campuswide data, it was clear that these were the students who weren’t succeeding.
These young statisticians and programmers focused on predictive analytics, sifting through decades’ worth of student data.
In the spring of 2013, Laude and his staff sat down with the Dashboard to analyze the 7,200 high-school seniors.
The heart of the project is a portfolio of “student success programs”.
It is a new scholarship program that aims to develop not academic skills but leadership skills.
In practice, this means that students in U.L.N. are almost all from families with incomes below the national median.
For U.L.N. students, Laude estimates, it is more like 20 percent than 40 percent.
The lectures have a grown-up, formal feel; students are required to wear business attire.
In later years, U.L.N. students will serve in internships on campus.
Perhaps the most striking fact about the success programs is that the selection criteria are never disclosed to students.
From a numbers perspective, the students in these programs are all in the bottom quartile.
But it is important for the university to play down that fact when dealing directly with students.
There are probably 50 or 60 kids in the U.L.N. who are on academic probation right now.
He ponders what kind of messages or environmental cues might affect the decisions that the students in his programs make.
How, precisely, do you motivate students to take the steps they need to take in order to succeed?
Students were often blocked from living up to their potential by the presence of certain fears and anxieties.
Students in transition often experienced profound doubts about whether they really belonged in their new institution.
Many students believed in what Carol Dweck had named an entity theory of intelligence.
That helplessness dissuaded students from taking any steps to change things.
Walton had identified principles that seemed to govern which messages were most persuasive to students.
Positive messages are more effectively absorbed when they are experienced through what Walton called “self-persuasion”.
Students watch a video or read an essay with a particular message.
They write their own essay or make their own video to persuade future students.
In this research, first-year students read brief essays by upperclassmen recalling their own experiences as freshmen.
After reading the essays, the students in the experiment then wrote their own essays and made videos for future students.
It had no apparent effect on the white students who took part in the experiment.
And this cut in half the black-white achievement gap in G.P.A.
The black students who received the belonging message had significantly fewer doctor visits three years after the intervention.
Next, Yeager did an experiment with 600 students just entering ninth grade at three high schools in Northern California.
They read scientific articles and testimonials from older students with another simple message.
Indeed, among the control group in Yeager’s experiment, symptoms of depression rose by 39 percent during that school year.
It is true especially for low-income students, who disproportionately attend community college.
About two-thirds of all community-college students are placed into one or more remedial math classes.
More than two-thirds of them don’t pass; instead, they often drop out of college altogether.
In the experiment, 288 community-college students enrolled in developmental math were randomly assigned.
After reading the article, the students wrote a mentoring letter to future students explaining its key points.
20 percent of the students in the control group had dropped out of developmental math.
And finally, a control group read fairly banal reflections from current students.
They are asked to write their own reflections on what they’d read in order to help future students.
The whole intervention took between 25 and 45 minutes for students to complete.
He looked at the data regarding which students had successfully completed at least 12 credits.
He saw the advantaged students’ results were exactly the same as they were every year.
Similarly, the disadvantaged students in the control group did the same as disadvantaged students usually did.
But the disadvantaged students who had experienced the belonging and mind-set messages did significantly better.
They had cut the gap between themselves and the advantaged students in half.
The interventions must be doing is changing students’ minds ― replacing one deeply held belief with another.
But white students tend not to take those moments too seriously or too personally.
For those students, the intervention can work as a kind of inoculation.
The lingering effect of the intervention allows them to shrug off those doubts exactly the way the advantaged students do.
They were juniors, a couple of years older than Vanessa, and they took her under their wing.
One student told me he fell into a depression and couldn’t sleep.
Another student said she lost weight and broke out in a rash.
My conversations with the U.L.N. students left me feeling optimistic about their chances.
The gift would give it a stable financial base and the ability to give students more financial aid.
He has remained an active alumnus of the school, judging student competitions and giving speeches there.
Because so many fans enjoy the way he helps them think through big moral dilemmas.
Students would watch the M.I.T. lectures and do the exercises at home, and then come to class.
Preliminary numbers indicate that those passing the class went from nearly 60 percent to about 90 percent.
It meant that many more students potentially moved on toward a degree and career in that field.
There is still huge value in the residential college experience and the teacher-student and student-student interactions it facilitates.
We had several students on the gender spectrum, and decided it was the right thing to do.
The private sector is either renting directly to students or via an agreement with the higher education institutions.
At the higher rent levels, many students are willing to pay whatever the cost.
He has 25 years of experience working in student housing for 25 years.
Crucial to growth in the sector is the flood of international students.
The five-year growth rate of international students has been 20.3 percent.
In contrast,European Union students grew at 8.3 per cent, while the domestic market grew by only about 1 per cent.
Student accommodation providers say they pay a lot more for their housing, too.
Another appeal for investors is that the student populations move or graduate almost every year, allowing owners to increase rents.
James Pullan is head of student property at Knight Frank, another large London real estate group.
All the new builds are high-end and expensive and marketed to international students.
Colum McGuire is vice president for welfare for the National Union of Students.
Richard Simpson is the head of property for the Unite Group, the largest provider of student accommodations in Britain.
As the demand for investments in student housing rises, yields are coming down.
The sector of privately financed student housing has been marred by some well-publicized failures.
Two other large student housing fund companies were forced to suspend redemptions.
By creating fears, a herd mentality can be instilled among students and parents.
They should tell parents how important it is to read to even very young children.
Some parents reported more reading at home and more books in the home.
They select other books that parents are likely to be reading at bedtime.
They compared the language in books to the language used by parents talking to their children.
It works through medical providers to encourage parents to enjoy books with their infants, toddlers and preschoolers.
Studies of Reach Out and Read show that participating parents read more.
We help parents interact with their children and help children learn.
I think that we’ve learned that early reading is more than just a nice thing to do with kids.
And every parent who has read a bedtime story knows this.
It’s the reason parents tear up when we occasionally happen across a long-ago bedtime book.
Parents may orchestrate the future life of their offspring by choosing only those objects that symbolize prestigious and desired professions.
We have to decide as a country ― politicians and parents, corporations and communities.
A deep involvement of parents is needed in their children’s learning.
She alluded matter-of-factly I tell them not to beat them if they are not doing well.
Beginning in 1976, Dr. Dolto did a daily 10-minute radio show in which she responded to letters from parents.
Even in tough times, parents should tell them the truth often in simple terms and help them process it.
SParents tell the story of something similar that happened during their own childhoods, and then describe how they overcame it.
It is after all they're parents' responsibility to worry about these things.
They are many single parents as well so the culture has been changing a little bit.
Do have family there waiting or do usually both parents work?
The parents of ordinary children had an average of six rules.
Parents of highly creative children had an average of fewer than one rule.
By limiting rules, parents encouraged their children to think for themselves. 
When their children showed interest and enthusiasm in a skill, the parents supported them.
This is potentially good news for parents who are not bilingual themselves. 
The teachers, parents and doctors talk to young people about sexuality frankly and fully.
Use of corporal punishment is linked to negative outcomes for children and may be indicative of ineffective parenting.
Sometimes, they’ll look at a package and say, It’s not enough.
While it is hard not to give our children what they want.
And many parents feel compelled to reward all that hard work.
Parents and their children trying to make the decision now need to be honest with themselves.
Parents and students themselves are acting on these principles, retreating from the humanities.
On the one hand, many of the parents in these families are extremely close to their children.
In most cases, parents and children agreed ― don’t text and drive.
But there was one surprising rule that the children wanted that their parents mentioned far less often.
Other parents can also present a problem for the child who prefers to control how she appears online.
Both children and parents considered positive images, events and news more appropriate to share than negative ones.
Still, the parent more obsessed with the children’s hosiery is the one who’ll make sure it’s in stock.
Parents pacify infants with iPhones, toddlers play violent games and pre-teens are sexting.
As a parent, I realized, my job is to transmit my culture.
They could ride bicycles and wander through woods, streets, parks, unmonitored by their parents.
Parents also may fail to recognize that their children's weight losses are unhealthy.
Parents can also influence their infants' choices by positioning objects nearer to or farther from their infants' reach. 
Whether to charge a stricken parent or family member with a crime.
Most often, they involve guns left unsecured by the child’s parents.
When a child scores 99 on a test, an American parent will lavish praise.
All parents gave their children directives like “Put away your toy!” or “Don’t eat that!”
Interaction was more likely to stop there for parents on welfare.
The only thing researchers could do was to ask the parent if they were talking a lot.
Without measurement, parents who did try new things couldn’t know whether they were helpful.
The districts faced a host of challenges, including persuading families to enroll and rolling out a robust curriculum.
With more children enrolled in prekindergarten, parents would be able to work more hours during the day.
Parents play a bigger role in helping determine how many early memories children can recall.
She is a co-author of a 2003 study of parents of 39 preschoolers.
It is a nonprofit organization in San Francisco that advises parents on media used by children.
The investigation by the Educational Testing Service was causing anxiety among parents as well as students.
Students and parents feel that it’s unfair to them because other students in other places have had no problems.
It seems that most of students here are O.K., but the parents are more panicked than the students.
Most parents rely on the ranking system, they focus on the SAT range. They need to know the numerical score.
Students and parents have started to reject this unsustainable arrangement, and colleges and universities have felt the impact.
To many parents coding looks more like a basic life skill instead of an extracurricular activity.
This is especially true of parents living in the heart of the technology corridors.
Parents love the idea of giving children something to do with computers that they see as productive, Mr. Pearce said.
He said that they had countless parents who said that thet couldn't take their kids playing video games any longer.
But if the children were exploring coding, the parents told him that they didn't mind doing it all night.
His mother is the local PTA president and a former tech-industry executive who now runs a real estate company.
In front of the sacred tree are dozens of supplicants ― parents and students alike.
The caravan snaked through the cheering throng of parents and townspeople.
It would drained of students, parents and the shopkeepers who lived off them.
For many cosmopolitan Chinese parents, they have to go through the agonized deliberations.
Parents’ concerns here can be very intense, in part perhaps reflecting a “tiger mom” or “wolf dad” mentality.
Some parents say Chinese children may be at a social as well as linguistic disadvantage there.
It is, perhaps, no wonder that some parents are losing sleep over their choice.
But parents don't want the very long hours and competitiveness that can cause burnout.
Some parents worried about the dangers posed by social contagion in the peer group.
We sit down with a parent and give them a diagnosis of depression.
Children of depressed parents are two to three times as likely to have major depression.
Preschool depression is not a disorder that is readily apparent to the casual observer or even to the concerned parent.
They spare parents the crushing word “depression” and avoid the prospect of prematurely labeling a child.
Parents are taught to encourage their children to acquire emotion regulation, stress management and guilt reparation.
Most parents want to distract their kids from negative emotions rather than let them process the feelings.
In response to children's transgression, parents tend to punish rather than reassure.
Not all parents are equipped to handle the vigilance, the consistency, the sensitivity.
The general parent training they received as part of the control helpful.
Researchers interviewed 1,933 parents when their children were three years old and again at five.
Mr. Young expressed frustration that many parents seemed oblivious to the problem.
Often unaware that the pills can go down a pants pocket as easily as the throat.
She said many parents could push as hard for prescriptions as their children did.
He said: “These are academic steroids. But usually, parents don’t get the steroids for you.”
Many students and their parents are obsessing over getting into one.
To help give parents feedback and provide data for researchers, the home visitors give each family.
In the short term, scholars will evaluate whether the home visits prompt parents to talk more.
That's the question that has been reverberating in parental circles across China.
News emerged when a string of kindergartens were allegedly dispensing antiviral drugs without parents' consent.
Some parents believe the schools were trying to ward off sickness to ensure students didn't take sick days.
It intensified her desire to encourage anxious parents to give their children the freedom they need.
Parents truly believe children must be supervised every second of the day. 
I can see why for boomer parents this situation could be an especially tough call.
Overseas study consultants advise parents to spend a lot of money on a flowery application manual.
Urbanbaby.com is the Web site where parents chat about their children.
At the other end of the scale, some parents are quick to offer excuses for a relatively low score.
Whether it’s the E.R.B. or sports, parents see their kids as an extension of themselves. 
A proud parent might let it be known that their child was a “99 x 3” or simply a “99.”
Admissions officers point to parents as the ones cranking up the testing pressure.
Some parents use it as a ring on their finger if their kids get into a high-status school.
Some of the parents whose children were not admitted or given enough financial aid.
Everyone who didn’t get the answer they wanted has been calling.
If this comes as a surprise to parents, it shouldn’t, said admissions advisers.
Mr. Marshall said he has gone so far as to ask them to show him a monthly budget.
The family is doing everything possible to pay for tuition before we step in.
For those who should be admitted, parents are unable to pay the children.
Showing parents and students all the caveats go with the impressions. 
So, what are the practical lessons for the venture-investor parent and their child? 
It is also a big, risky bet for parents to underwrite. 
This week, I'm turning the tables and giving some space to the "teacher" half of the "Parent-Teacher Conference".
What one thing would you want your students' parents to know?
You are teaching him to distrust your words and your intent.
But many parents, and some students, object to shifting the start of the day later.
“The parents get to know its value and carry it round when travelling”.
Inevitably, some parents worry that the object has become too important.
They attract high school girls and their parents with science-themed fairs, workshops, campus tours and lab visits.
One night last winter,more than 120 parents filed into the black-box theater at Avenues: The World School in Chelsea.
After the first week of classes, a group of parents sent a seven-page e-mail detailing concerns.
In the black-box theater, Avenues’ chief administrative officer helped assure parents.
That was why many of the assembled parents applied this school in the first place.
Nancy Schulman, the head of Avenues’ Early Learning Center, was sitting among the parents that night.
Humility is not exactly evident at a drop-off that one parent described as a “Bergdorf Goodman buyers’ office.”
She knew that a book fair, with Avenues panache, would comfort anxious parents.
A lot of parents didn’t want me around their kids, because they thought I was crazy.
A lot of the training is about trying to get these kids’ parents to re-engage.
I told Anne other parents might be shocked to hear her say such a thing.
Many parents now know that grapes should be halved for a young child.
Parents should always check packaging for age recommendations, and keep toys meant for older children away from younger ones.
Parents and adults have to similarly look around at one another and get to know people.
Parents are too tired, too busy, or too mystified, to help.
Parents and students say the quick homework fix can ease stress and make evenings at home more peaceful.
Parents should monitor kids' use of the sites and track fees, which can get very expensive very quickly.
Online tutors fill a huge gap that can never be filled by parents.
In Shanghai, many parents register their children for an advanced after-school program called Olympics math. 
Some parents feel the additional math classes are too much a burden. 
White parents are more likely than others to read to their children daily, as are married parents.
Most American parents say they are not concerned about their children’s grades as long as they work hard. 
There are just 39 percent of wealthier parents holding this idea.
High-earning parents are much more likely to say they live in a good neighborhood for raising children. 
Nearly half of low-income parents worry their child will get shot, compared with one-fifth of high-income parents. 
The middle-class families earning between $30,000 and $75,000 a year fell right between working-class and high-earning parents on these issues.
Some countries in the West have legislated against parents hitting children. 
Parents in China have felt compelled to be especially strict. 
Some parents are even more relaxed in discipline than Western parents. 
Parents rated their toddlers’ tendencies to experience shame and guilt at home.
Fearing this effect, some parents fail to exercise discipline at all.
Parents raise caring children by expressing disappointment and explaining why the behavior was wrong.
As parents, we want to be proactive in communicating our values to our children.
Keeping your children safe and away from danger is every parent's number one priority. 
It has created a list of seven tips to help keep your child safe when you're not around. 
Going out without a parent is a natural step for children to take when the time is right.
When giving advice parents should not unnecessarily frighten a child. 
This is why we’ve developed a checklist to help parents prepare their children.
We spoke English at home, but when R-rated family gossip was involved my parents switched to Cantonese.
Sure, it’s easy to mock the neuroses of New York City parents when it comes to their offspring.
The good news is if you can’t afford to stay, your children don’t have to switch schools.
The best thing parents can do is do a role play and behavioral rehearsal ahead of time.
In that spirit, a parent might arrange to meet another parent on the way to school.
Parents in many parts of the world believe study to speak English would make the resulting jump in children's prospects
In the beginning, parents buy or rent to be closer to their children.
It’s a fabulous opportunity for her, but I’m not ready to give up parenting.
So parents could potentially be giving them the best of both worlds by doing this.
So one possibility that could be driving the trend is their wanting to have more of an impact.
Perhaps English parents and policy makers would do better to turn their attention slightly less far north. 
A series of parents, school board members and privacy lawyers assailed the plan.
Parents should have access to this data about their children’s progress, too.
Dr. Stevenson was initially reluctant to allow parents to opt out of inBloom.
A lot of parents assume that kids begin to read independently.
Gregory Peck’s portrayal of Atticus in the 1962 film is an enduring symbol of a righteous lawyer and model parent.
Outside the classroom, children can use it to play games, like one in which Tom Sawyer battles the Bront sisters.
During class discussions, my students often admit to hoping that relationships will simply unfold through hooking up. 
Teachers have a high degree of professional autonomy in the classrooms.
I asked students to follow along in their own copies, as I do in the lecture hall.
Within a few hours of posting the online version, the course forums came alive with hundreds of comments and questions.
As the anthropology instructor engaged her class, a fault line quickly developed.
This tradition of class discussion and activities is very strange to us.
Taking notes can be an obstacle in a class taught in English.
It's a phrase that sounds more as if it belongs in the boardroom than the classroom.
Researchers try to take those experiments out of the lab and into the classroom.
Those improved self-regulation skills will lead not only to fewer classroom meltdowns and expulsions in prekindergarten and kindergarten.
They say, after all, that play should have a central place in early-childhood classrooms.
In practice, Bodrova and Leong observed, classrooms were often chaotic free-for-alls.
They discussed whether some of his methods might help improve the climate of these classrooms.
Bodrova and Leong say they see the same effect in Tools of the Mind classrooms.
Many practices that most prekindergarten teachers consider essential are more or less banned from Tools of the Mind classrooms.
What was it in the classroom that made it hard for Billy to control himself?
It’s one of the reasons that visiting a Tools of the Mind classroom can cause moments of cognitive dissonance.
Like many, he has searched for ways to talk about it in class.
The first group of students poured into the classroom just before 7:30 a.m.
His students said they have also wondered what they were allowed to say about the campaign in class.
Brust notes that in a traditional class, they would be learning far less.
They should comply with district licensing requirements and help engineers with classroom challenges like managing unruly teenagers.
It were not required to devote as much formal practice outside of class.
How much genuine interaction is there in a live 200-student lecture class?
In a public high-school classroom, there are full of students hunched over books.
In class, they do projects, exercises or lab experiments in small groups.
The flipped classroom is a strategy that nearly everyone agrees on.
Flipping is still in the early stages, with much experimentation about how to do it right.
The book is called "Flip Your Classroom: Reach Every Student in Every Class Every Day".
But many people are holding it up as a potential model of how to use technology to humanize the classroom.
The flipped class had many students who had already failed the class.
Using the software to make videos, Clintondale’s ninth-grade teachers flipped their classes.
Many students don't ask questions in class, worried they will be looked dumb.
Getting students to do homework is not, of course, a problem exclusive to flipping.
This is the second and far more important shift that comes with flipped classrooms.
Here in class, one-on-one or in small groups, I can help them immediately.
In a traditional class, the teacher engages with the students who ask questions.
Clintondale’s experience indicates that the biggest effect of flipping classrooms is on the students at the bottom.
It’s tough to fail a flipped class, because you’re doing the stuff in here.
He has seen big improvements in failure rates and in class discipline.
Before my average test score was D+-now it’s C or C+.
The most serious critique of the flipped classroom is that it’s not a big enough change.
In my next column in two weeks, I’ll report on this and other ways teachers are using the flipped classroom.
They also set clear targets and give teachers autonomy in the classroom to achieve them.
Olympia J. Snowe, a former Republican senator of Maine, even made a brief guest appearance.
A few students sometimes disrupted classes by speaking English so rapidly that she cannot understand them.
The technology would offer distinct advantages over the traditional classroom system, where students often wait days or weeks for grades.
Our approach will still be based on what students learn in the classroom.
In execution, much of it is prerecorded, and exercises and examinations are computerized. 
What you learn in class isn’t necessarily as applicable to the work force.
A set of curriculum standards for schools, the Common Core, has been introduced in classrooms throughout the U.S..
Whistles bleed from the gym, students squeeze every last minute of freedom before they’re due back in class.
She felt conflicted about how to present herself outside the classroom.
He explained how the subject matter and the field trip were perfect for the immersion classes.
Waschbusch invited me to watch a videotape made during one of the program’s classroom sessions.
A lot of lessons might not be understood without practicing in the classroom and being able to check your work.
I don't think you need to do it in the classroom.
Compared with using the computer in a more personalized environment, the computer can help students express themselves in class.
What do you think about switching over to electronic textbooks in the classroom?
Then they broke the class into discussion groups of six or seven.
Many tend to keep quiet during class discussions and prefer cooking with other Chinese in their dorms.
It is compounded by the ways in which they end up being used in the classroom.
He was already adept at loading and sharing lesson materials and using the tablet’s classroom-management tools.
Tablet’s classroom-management tools include quick polls, discussions, short-answer exercises, the function for randomly calling on a student and more.
I would resist even freak out if obliged to engage them through a screen in the classroom.
They struck me as exemplifying several dubious American habits now ascendant.
His “before” picture was the typical 19th-century classroom, the original template for our schools.
Rather, the teacher architects the environment ― in the classroom, on the tablet, online, everywhere.
He would exercise great restraint in introducing technology into a kindergarten classroom.
Britt had used laptops and Kindles in his classroom for years.
We are really looking at the classroom data that is fundamental to academic progress.
The professor while calling roll, first read the student’s feminine legal name.
Fluid intelligence has long been known to peak in early adulthood, around college age, and then to decline gradually.
They are not only elementary-school children but also preschoolers, college students and the elderly.
Jaeggi and Buschkuehl gave progressive matrix tests to students at Bern.
A similar view was expressed by Jason Chein, assistant professor of psychology at Temple University in Philadelphia.
We’ve seen, in college kids who do this task, improvements in their reading-comprehension scores.
Might students in high school and college do N-back training rather than cramming for their finals.
She says she chose her name in college to sound a bit like her given name.
She is also developing a following among U.S. high school and college students.
Hong Kong’s public university system can accommodate only about 18 percent of local high school graduates.
The July is when exam results and university places are announced.
He is now a computer science major at the Dubai campus of the University of Wollongong.
The University of Wollongong is a public university based in New South Wales State in Australia.
About 3.6 million university students studying outside their home country in 2010, 17 percent were Chinese.
Jeffrey Lehman is vice chancellor of New York University’s new Shanghai campus.
A few weeks later, Bath Spa University signed a joint venture deal with Shorelight Education, a U.S.
The company specializes in recruiting Chinese and other foreign students to its partner universities.
The number of Chinese university students rose 5 percent, to more than 14,000。
Chinese university students represent about 30 percent of all foreign students in New Zealand universities.
Why half a million Chinese students pursue university abroad each year?
At N.Y.U. Abu Dhabi, there are 27 Chinese students like Ms. Yang.
Finding jobs after college is a pressing concern for young graduates more or less everywhere.
More than three million of the seven million university students graduated this year.
If professors deem the papers to be worthy of a B+ or better by the college’s standards, you are in.
The National Association for College Admission Counseling has called on colleges.
She is an assistant research psychologist at the University of California, Riverside.
Ideas that our students can capitalize on throughout their time at college.
Those discussions were meant to be a step toward turning college into the transformational experience.
Yulia Antonyan is a professor in the department of cultural studies at Yerevan State University in Armenia’s capital.
And he chose instead to stay in the South, at the University of Alabama. 
The lower price tag of Alabama gives him a bounty of aid.
The honors college at Alabama has been around only since 2003. 
In a neighboring state, the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga recently put lots of money to rebuild it. 
Surprisingly, their parents are hungrier than ever for any college-admissions resource that might help.
The book is “A Review of Fifty Public University Honors Programs.” 
One recent post explores “College Value: Public Honors vs. Private Elites.” 
There will be some students from the most highly selective private schools.
It includes the South Carolina Honors College at the University of South Carolina.
Fink’s daughter graduated from Barrett at Arizona State last year. 
He wished that he could have had Penn State next door.
The failing goal is the schools in Australia or Canada or Britain.
I don’t know if the members of the College Board have ever met a 17-year-old at that hour.
They found that only a fourth of those tested were ready for college.
At the University of Missouri, a black professor, Cynthia Frisby, wrote.
Go, go, go, some Mizzou protesters yelled as they jostled a student photographer, Tim Tai.
I has been invited to infect evangelical Christian universities with progressive thoughts.
I has been invited to address Catholic universities where I’ve praised condoms and birth control programs.
In the same spirit, liberal universities should seek out pro-life social conservatives to speak.
The protesters at Mizzou and Yale and elsewhere make a legitimate point.
Universities should work harder to make all students feel they are safe and belong.
The problems at Mizzou were underscored on Tuesday when there were death threats against black students.
What’s unfolding at universities is not just about free expression but also about a safe and nurturing environment.
Psychologists at the University of Texas at Austin asked students to rate the romantic appeal of their opposite-sex classmates.
To test this effect, the Texas researchers joined with Eli Finkel, a professor of psychology at Northwestern University.
After I came out in university, I began writing my Ph.D. thesis.
Now what that means is that the universities are owned by the government.
There's not much room for flexibility and since it's a government operated institution.
People don't act that much differently because somebody working for a private university.
I think having only public universities might not be the best solution. 
Private universities are considered to be less good than public universities.
You're in competition with your classmates because later on you have to go and get into college.
I interviewed young women in high school and college for a book on girls and sex.
Debby Herbenick was the director of the Center for Sexual Health Promotion at Indiana University.
College women are more likely than men to use their partner’s physical pleasure as the yardstick for their satisfaction.
Not in too many high schools and on too many college campuses.
Students at one college after another succeeded in warding off scheduled speakers and honorary-degree recipients whose politics they disagreed with.
Condoleezza Rice felt compelled to back out of a speech at Rutgers University.
When students at those colleges march in lock step toward certain majors and certain professions, they’re missing out.
He noted and rued, the treatment of hallowed universities as placid pastures for contented grazing.
Thinking back to his own childhood in the suburbs of Seattle and then his years at Columbia University.
And being able to choose among several college acceptances should be a wonderful thing indeed.
Parents and children weigh colleges that have given real financial aid against others that are offering just loans.
Do they try to pay for a college that gave them little financial aid?
Lynn O’Shaughnessy, is author of The College Solution and a blog of the same name.
His daughter had received a full scholarship to attend Rutgers University but her first choice was New York University.
The father, an engineer who was also out of work, said he was going to send her to N.Y.U.
The competition to get into top colleges is fierce in many cities and towns in America.
He had expected parents to start looking for value in colleges after the 2008 financial collapse.
And there’s no guarantee, that N.Y.U. will bring his daughter greater success.
Equally smart students had about the same earnings whether or not they went to top-tier colleges.
The difference between going to Swarthmore and Penn State is greater today than it was in 1976.
If you know that’s what you want to do, borrow and go to N.Y.U.
Parents and students also need to look at the graduation rates of the colleges they’re considering.
He moved here from Malaysia at age 21 to earn a master’s degree in engineering from Wichita State University.
Tracey J. Woodruff works in the University of California, San Francisco. 
Andrea Gore is a professor of pharmacology at the University of Texas at Austin.
STUART SLAVIN is a pediatrician and professor at the St. Louis University School of Medicine.
Some students had missed the survey while taking Advanced Placement exams.
Children living in poverty who aspire to college face the same daunting admissions arms race.
94 percent of college counseling directors said they were seeing rising numbers of students with severe psychological problems.
Says Richard Scheffler, a health economist at the University of California, Berkeley.
Only 14 percent of whom believe that their students are prepared for college work, according to a 2015 report.
St. Louis medical school students’ scores on the medical boards exams have actually gone up.
Parents are more anxious about their kids getting into good colleges and onto good career paths.
Recently, university researchers asked children and parents to describe the rules.
It's this notion of this growing equality between husbands and wives having this paradoxical effect of growing inequality across households.
It was June 1977, just after my freshman year at Wesleyan.
My own sons are engaged this summer with work that feels more relevant to their college majors .
I was in the third year of university at that time.
He just graduated from the University of the Philippines as a percussion major.
Kelly Lambert was a college student whose aunt works at the museum. 
According to a study from Yale university, the reason is that women worry about having "negative effects".
According to a Harvard study that female students spoke more when a female instructor was in the classroom.
Christer Clerwall of Karlstad University in Sweden carried out a study.
It was from Jennifer duBois's fictionalization of the Amanda Knox trial to Amity Gaige's version of the Clark Rockefeller case.
New Jersey University Was Fake, but Visa Fraud Arrests Are Real
On the surface, the University of Northern New Jersey seemed legitimate.
The University of Northern New Jersey, established in 2012 with the address of an office building in Cranford,
New Jersey University was Fake, but visa fraud arrests are real.
A majority of them are legitimately attending universities, government officials said.
The most prominent arrest in the case of sham universities took place in 2011.
Xiao-Ping Su, the founder of Tri-Valley University, in Northern California, was sentenced to 16 years in prison.
“The University of Northern New Jersey was another stop on the ‘pay to stay’ tour,” he added.
The Facebook page of the University of Northern New Jersey last had a post on March 5.
Ms. Aramandla got a master’s degree from the Tandon School of Engineering at New York University.
He took the chance and he went to Cambridge University. 
He thinks he can secure a better university place and forge a brighter future.
I recently overheard two students talking in a dining hall at the university where I teach.
Brené Brown is a researcher  of the University of Houston.
Research has shown that college students’ self-described levels of empathy have declined since 1980.
This dynamic is about more than simply quelling nerves with “liquid courage” at college parties or clubs.
There is the one at the University of Kentucky on healthy dating.
There is also a workshop at Duke University on “How to Be in Love”. 
Theresa Benson is the assistant director of the counseling center at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. 
The debate was starting about how much the court had restricted the use of race in college admissions.
There are also ones for the University of Wisconsin at Madison and Harvard.
It did require universities that want to use race in admissions decisions first to show it.
The court declined to say whether the University of Texas had run afoul of the legal standard.
The three universities featured in his websites have been particularly resistant to the Fisher decision.
A Harvard spokeswoman went silent after saying she would ask around.
Mr. Blum did not provide much evidence that the three universities were outliers.
Stanford becomes the first major university to lend support to a nationwide campaign. 
At least 11 small universities have elected to remove fossil-fuel stocks from their endowments. 
Tuesday’s decision seems likely to increase the pressure on other major universities to follow suit.
There are the good news while applying to College of America.
Getting accepted to any one of selective colleges is really harder than it used to be.
The news sheds some light on the right way for high school students to think about the application process.
Students should remember that the college you attend matters less than many people think it does. 
Colleges like Harvard and Stanford have been admitting more foreign students.
They might have applied to a couple of public colleges in the state.
There are Duke, Wake Forest and maybe one college in the Northeast.
There are Princeton, Macalester, Pomona, Vanderbilt and the University of Chicago.
Harvard has fewer students from the Northeast than it used to.
As a result, colleges like Vanderbilt and Rice are more national.
No seniors would even have applied to N.Y.U. or U.S.C. 
Students should worry less about shaping themselves to fit a specific college.
Steven Pinker, the great psychology professor at Harvard, wrote the most comprehensive response to Deresiewicz. 
Colleges admitted kids with the highest scores and companies hired applicants with the highest scores.
A tad depressing as sentiments go, perhaps, but it sums up Italian universities.
Milan Polytechnic founded in 1863, just two years after Italy was united.
And requiring English-language teaching was obviously a good move for the university.
The recalcitrant academics then went on a nationwide campaign against their university’s decision.
Administrators at the Politecnico refused to be intimidated, and appealed the ruling.
Whether English-only university teaching violates Article 33 of the Italian Constitution.
Whether universities should be free to teach in whatever manner they think best serves their students.
It was my favorite class at the University of North Carolina.
He proposed a 13 percent cut in state support for the University of Wisconsin.
He simultaneously toyed with changing the language of the university’s mission statement.
The debate over the rightful role of college goes a long way back.
He moved to slash spending for the University of California system and its eclectic menu of instruction.
It would take into account how reliably colleges place their graduates into high-paying jobs.
I ask veteran college teachers and administrators to describe how college students have changed over the years.
The ethos of the modern university encourages students to be detached and corrosively skeptical.
Physician researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, and at Harvard, have developed ePrognosis.
Joel is a psychology graduate student at the University of Toronto.
Katherine Hertlein is a professor of marriage and family therapy at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Professor Lancy, who teaches at Utah State University, has pored over the anthropology literature. 
The women I met were mostly 30-somethings with advanced degrees from prestigious universities and business schools.
Recently, researchers at the University of Virginia conducted interviews with 100 parents.
Researchers at Weill Cornell Medical College and Stanford University found that phenomenon.
The University of British Columbia created a controversy with its plans to spend 127 million Canadian dollars.
High schools, colleges and universities across the country are seeing an influx of international students.
Mr. Trump decided to run for president, and his real estate seminar was called Trump University.
The New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, eventually forced Trump University to stop calling itself a university.
The University of Phoenix was originally the Institute for Professional Development.
Elevating colleges into universities is also widespread among traditional public and nonprofit institutions.
If you see a public university with a compass point or city designation in its name.
But nor do they tend to have the full features we associate with universities.
It has the same university designation as the most august research institutions in the land.
There is a storefront sign advertising “California University” next to a soon-to-be-renovated mall.
Is it a branch campus of the world-renowned University of California?
Across the street and up the block, however, there’s a branch of George Washington University, which really is a university.
They are Argosy University, Troy University, Strayer University, the University of Technology and Management
Rollyn Ornstein is an adolescent medicine doctor at Penn State's Hershey Medical Center.
Scott Crow is a psychiatry professor at the University of Minnesota.
On a recent Thursday night, a throng of college students shuffled into a Taipei lecture hall.
Zach Hambrick, a psychologist at Michigan State University and a co-author of the paper.
The other two author are Brooke Macnamara, now at Case Western Reserve University, and Frederick Oswald of Rice University.
Scott Barry Kaufman is a psychologist at the University of Pennsylvania.
Last year, Bard College opened an early college high school in Newark.
Mostly, he came to realize that getting into college and staying there would be a herculean task.
Across the country in communities like Newark, the early college high school model is being lauded.
Because it provide low-income students with a road map to and through college.
Not surprisingly, the challenges are greatest for students whose parents did not attend any college.
Early college high schools seek to rectify that, by merging high school and some college.
There are now more than 400 early college high schools across the country ― North Carolina has 76 of them.
In 2001, it opened an early college high school in Lower Manhattan.
They take 60 credits’ worth of college-level courses, on Caribbean literature, multimedia studies and Shakespeare.
It's not by relegating them to the kind of remedial classes required at community colleges.
For those who parachuted into college-level classes, the climb has been steep, and often eye-opening.
Can students who are so behind be brought up to college level in a few efficient years？
So far, the school has lost 7 of the 36 students who entered in 2011 as first-year college students.
Taken as a group, early college high schools place a premium on teaching rudimentary study skills.
The students at Duplin Early College High School in eastern North Carolina take an applied math class.
At the Dayton Early College Academy in Ohio, students learn about constitutional law in mock trials.
Pople cannot pull off an early college high school successfully without fundamentally changing pedagogy.
How to best serve students whose parents haven’t gone to college.
Cecilia Cunningham is the executive director of the Middle College National Consortium.
The Consortium is a network of more than 30 early college high schools.
According to Jobs for the Future, 76 percent of its 2011-12 graduates have enrolled in college.
No long-term studies have been conducted about early college high school students and college graduation.
It will help at-risk students get through four years of college.
Many colleges have resisted the pressure to promote 18-year-olds to sophomore or junior status.
Bard officials say public colleges are generally more open to accepting credit earned in high school.
Of the remaining 29 second-year students, 21 have been accepted to a four-year college.
While some of the colleges have impressive graduation rates, many do not.
Marvin has been accepted by St. John’s University in Queens and, with a partial scholarship, D’Youville College in Buffalo.
But Billy has failed most of his college-level classes and is working toward a high school diploma.
The people he knows without a college degree have low-paying jobs or no jobs, or deal drugs.
He helped San Jose State claw its way to victory in June over California State University, Fullerton.
More than 10,000 students now play in the biggest college league, 4,400 more than last year.
About 4,600 more than the number of men who play on Division I college basketball teams.
Carter Henderson is a spokesman for the University of Washington’s athletics program
The National Collegiate Athletic Association, which oversees college athletics, said it had no comment about e-sports on campus.
Game companies say it is too early to predict how university administrations will become involved in e-sports.
The finalists came from the College of Staten Island, University of Massachusetts-Amherst and other colleges.
Six students on a StarCraft II team from University of California, Berkeley awarded $40,000 in prize money.
Last February, Riot Games hosted its first North American Collegiate Championship.
A team of five students from the University of Washington won in front of a roaring audience.
The prize money is enough to pay for about three years of in-state tuition at the University of Washington.
Jackson Brown is the manager of the University of Washington’s team, the Purple Caster Minions.
Many of those players also participate in matches organized by another collegiate league, IvyLoL.
Large West Coast schools like the University of Washington and University of British Columbia tend to dominate the competitions.
College scholarships from corporations, including Coca-Cola, Ford and Google, have been around for decades.
The college-age years are considered the prime period for players in the big leagues.
Game companies and collegiate league organizers predict that college e-sports could become a pipeline for the growing professional circuit.
He had received more than half a dozen calls from athletic directors at other universities.
The cell biologist Xiao-Wei Chen, at the University of Michigan, is no longer waiting for them to decide.
Shi Yigong, a Princeton University biology professor, left for Tsinghua University.
Mr. Chen earned an undergraduate degree from Peking University in 2002.
He went to Michigan, where he earned a doctorate in physiology in 2008.
It was founded by the Stanford professor and former Google engineering whiz Sebastian Thrun.
For many young Americans, college has become a distant, unaffordable dream.
The enormous payoff from a college degree is almost twice as it was in 1979.
There are few young Americans with a college degree- despite a bump in enrollment right after the Great Recession.
The college graduation rate of Americans from affluent families rose from less than 40 percent to nearly 55 percent.
Tuition rised around the country and states cutting the budgets of their public university systems.
Harry J. Holzer of Georgetown University urges states to provide incentives to universities to steer students toward higher-wage occupations.
It includes tying college funding formulas to the wages of graduates five years after graduation.
It is the joint venture between Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Putting traditional college courses online may do little to close the gap.
Companies, rather than colleges, may be best suited to shape the curriculum.
The live college experience is probably better at providing noncognitive skills.
Hundreds of prominent women working in science, technology, engineering and math will become online mentors for college students next month.
Every institution that’s set up mentorship programs for young women has been successful at increasing their numbers.
Its goal is connecting young students with accomplished women working in STEM fields.
Prominent universities have been quick to sign on, contributing mentors and publicizing the program to students.
They will answer questions submitted online by students at any of the universities participating in the project.
Undergraduates at other colleges can participate by getting a faculty member to nominate them.
Harvard, M.I.T., Stanford and other leading universities started offering free online versions of their traditional campus classes.
The portion of women earning a four-year college degree has jumped more than 75 percent over the last quarter-century.
David W. Oslin is a professor of psychiatry at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
Robert Pandina is director of the Center of Alcohol Studies at Rutgers University.
The next day is like a college-style hangover without the college-style fun.
Another girl said she was the only one who took college physics from the start.
The statistics tend to be a bit more encouraging in AP calculus, but they are far worse in computer science.
One is to prepare teaching materials, in Chinese and English, for use in secondary schools and universities.
In addition to its school and college projects, the center runs a public outreach program.
Professor Robert E. Kelly is a political-science professor at Pusan National University in South Korea.
The platforms are being developed by the likes of Stanford and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
About 300,000 people were taking 38 courses taught by Stanford professors and a few other elite universities.
They are taking 214 courses from 33 universities, including eight international universities.
He is now president of edX, a nonprofit MOOC that M.I.T. and Harvard are jointly building.
It was so much more interesting than a similar course he had taken as an undergrad.
Comparing the people of similar geography and income level” in a typical American college, it is more intersting.
He is now applying to M.I.T. and the University of California, Berkeley.
Many universities will offer online courses to students anywhere in the world.
Later, he came to London to do postdoctoral work with Vincent Walsh at University College London.
Dr. Cohen Kadosh first thought about the possibility as a university student in Israel.
She is an assistant professor of psychiatry and human behavior at Brown University.
You spend the first 10 years out of college focused entirely on building your career.
Keep in touch with the men that you meet in college, especially the super smart ones.
If you fail to identify 'the one' while you're in college, don't worry-there's always graduate school.
Sukeyasu Yamamoto is a former physicist at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
By the time she was ready for university, she had developed a comprehensive interest in Japanese history, culture and art.
She chose to go to Doshisha University in Kyoto to major in Japanese and global culture.
Kyropoulou, 28, is studying Japanese cinema at Kyoto University of Art and Design.
Grace Henahan, a second-year American student at Doshisha, agreed Kyropoulou's views.
A 2012 study led by Karin James, a psychologist at Indiana University, lent support to that view.
In a study that followed children in grades two to five, Virginia Berninger, a psychologist at the University of Washington.
Mr. Olatunde will enroll at the University of North Carolina this fall.
These two points have contributed to a steep rise in applications from British students to American universities.
The university offered Mr. Olatunde a fee reduction of about ￡1,000 a year, based on his family’s income.
She is the first member of her family to attend university.
Last summer, 150 students joined the program, hosted at Yale and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
This program is also sending five students to Princeton, three to Yale and three to Dartmouth.
One each is sent to Brown, Columbia, Barnard and the University of Pennsylvania.
Nearly 60 percentage of students will be the first in the family to attend university.
Students, graduating from a top English university, could expect to with debts of ￡34,000 to ￡40,000.
The chance to graduate debt-free from an American university is too good to turn down.
Many families are worried about how to get into and pay for increasingly expensive colleges.
They totally have no doubt to the stellar quality of those institutions.
A university could stop enrolling undergraduates with no effect on its score.
All 15-year-olds are required to go to school, while college is voluntary.
There is no reason to believe that American colleges are, on average, the best in the world.
Nearly a century ago, Harvard had a big problem: Too many Jews.
In the Ivy League, only Columbia and the University of Pennsylvania had a greater proportion of Jews.
Harvard’s admissions committee began using the euphemistic criteria of “character and fitness” to limit Jewish enrollment.
In 2008, over half of all applicants in Harvard with exceptionally high SAT scores were Asian.
Their proportion of Harvard undergraduates has been flat during two decades.
A new lawsuit on behalf of Asian-American applicants offers strong evidence that Harvard uses racial “balancing.”
One Harvard admissions officer noted a sentence on the file of an Asian-American applicant.
15 percent of students are the first in their families to attend college.
After seven years as a student and teacher at Harvard, I have never heard anyone demean Asian-Americans.
Malia Obama plans to attend Harvard University in the fall of 2017.
She waits until her father leaves office to begin her college career.
The President and Mrs. Obama announced today that their daughter Malia would attend Harvard University in the fall of 2017.
And they hope to shield her from such attention as a college student.
It prompted whispers that she was giving Stanford University a final look before committing herself there.
The university has also long been a popular destination for the children of foreign leaders.
Eva M. Pomerantz, Yang Qu are from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Florrie Fei-Yin Ng is from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Yogyakarta is a university town known for its vibrant student and cultural life.
Dr. Thomas N. Robinson is a professor of pediatrics at Stanford.
Marie-Louise Mares is an associate professor of communications at the University of Wisconsin, Madison.
Jamie M. Ostrove is an associate professor of psychology at the University of Buffalo.
What are the roads not taken because students must take out loans for college?
Brent W. Ambrose is a professor of risk management at Pennsylvania State University.
A 2011 study was made by Jesse Rothstein of the University of California, Berkeley, and Cecilia Elena Rouse of Princeton.
The pay gap between college graduates and everyone else reached a record high last year.
Americans with four-year college degrees made 98 percent more an hour on average in 2013 than people without a degree.
If there were more college graduates than the economy needed, the pay gap would shrink.
It has come after a rise in the number of college graduates.
That the pay gap has nonetheless continued growing means that we’re still not producing enough of them.
We also have too few people who are prepared for college.
Those same experts and journalists are sending their own children to college and often obsessing over which one.
The true cost of a college degree is about negative $500,000.
Not going to college will cost you about half a million dollars.
The papaer arrives at that figure first by calculating the very real cost of tuition and fees.
This amount is then subtracted from the lifetime gap between the earnings of college graduates and high school graduates.
After adjusting for inflation and the time value of money, the net cost of college is negative $500,000.
It can’t control for any pre-existing differences between college graduates and nongraduates ―
The research compared otherwise similar people who did and did not graduate from college.
The benefits of college don’t go just to graduates of elite colleges.
The elite colleges typically go on to to earn graduate degrees.
Tellingly, the wage premium for people who have attended college without earning a bachelor’s degree has not been rising.
What about all those alarming stories you hear about indebted, jobless college graduates?
Among four-year college graduates who took out loans, average debt is about $25,000.
The sum is a tiny fraction of the economic benefits of college.
The average hourly wage for college graduates has risen only 1 percent over the last decade, to about $32.60.
One university holds an especially enviable place these days when it comes to attracting students and money.
Riding a wave of interest in technology, Stanford University has become America’s “it” school, by measures that Harvard once dominated.
Stanford has had the nation’s lowest undergraduate acceptance rate for two years in a row.
Year in and year out, it raises more money from donors than any other university.
There’s no question that right now, Stanford is seen as the place to be.
Robert Franek oversees the Princeton Review’s college and university guidebooks and student surveys.
Harry R. Lewis is a computer science professor here and a former dean of Harvard College.
They scoff at the notion that there is one pre-eminent institution.
Stanford basks in its image as the hub of Silicon Valley.
Too much of the university’s appeal is based on students’ hopes of striking it rich in Silicon Valley.
His younger brother has chosen to attend Stanford over Harvard, among other colleges.
He felt that big industrial companies, like Boeing, recruited more heavily at Stanford because of its legacy.
The university was less complacent about its leadership than it once was.
I think there’s a halo effect that doesn’t do Harvard any good.
The university in the film “The Social Network” is utterly unfamiliar to me.
A persuasive answer comes from Meredith Rowe, now an assistant professor at the University of Maryland.
Dana Susking is a pediatric cochlear implant surgeon at the University of Chicago.
At Harvard, he found that his roommate and several friends were also Head Start babies.
Tom Loveless was a former professor at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government.
Kam Wing Chan is a professor of geography at the University of Washington.
309 people, including 55 university students, had died in the quake.
It will be formally evaluated by Italy’s university and research review agency to determine its future status and funding.
Pietro Verga, 29, was a former visiting scholar at City University of New York’s Center for Community Planning and Development.
Venkatapathy Subramanian is a 27-year-old Ph.D. candidate in computer sciences from Amrita University in India.
Aldo Benedetti is an associate professor and administrator in the university’s architecture and engineering department.
I truly believe in the stimulus that a university can offer to a city.
It pointed to his university’s struggle to recover from the earthquake’s shock.
It became clear that some had understood little of the lecture here at Oregon State University.
A handful offer something more ambitious, working with American colleges to create bridge programs for foreigners.
Now at least 15 American universities have them, with more scheduled to come on line.
Peter N. Stearns is provost of George Mason University in Fairfax, Va..
The students attend for at least a full academic year before enrolling in the university.
Stephanie M. Carlson is a professor of child psychology at the University of Minnesota.
A Rutgers University study last year of prekindergarten programs in high-poverty New Jersey districts showed it. 
That is why I started the project：Can a Computer Enter Tokyo University? the Todai Robot Project.
If they succeed, such a machine should be capable, of doing many, perhaps most, jobs now done by university graduates.
Graduates need to earn a return on their investment in training.
A recent study was published by the Program on the Impacts of Future Technology, at Oxford University’s Oxford Martin School.
Kazumasa Oguro is professor of economics at Hosei University in Tokyo.
He wants to lower barriers to admission and help more people go to college.
He will make it easier for low-income students to take the test and apply to colleges without charge.
William R. Fitzsimmons is the longtime dean of admissions at Harvard.
A team commissioned by the National Association for College Admission Counseling, and led by Mr. Fitzsimmons, reached similar conclusions.
Students at Oberlin and their counterparts elsewhere might not behave in such an emboldened fashion.
Twinned with colleges’ innovations to attract and serve a new generation of students.
To lure students and keep them content, colleges have also fashioned state-of-the-art fitness centers.
High Point University in North Carolina is in the midst of an upgrade of more than $2 billion.
Louisiana State University recently plotted its own, it decided that the river should spell out the letters L.S.U.
When I attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the mid-1980s.
The opposite was true when I taught at Princeton in the spring of 2014.
In accordance with the first of those, students regard colleges as homes and places of healing.
In accordance with the second, they regard colleges as providers of goods that are measurable.
He is an assistant professor of English at Western Carolina University.
Be it criminal or a violation of what is too frequently a “laughable university honor code.”
As if college were that precisely vocational and the process that predictable.
In 2013, the College Board, which administers the SAT, canceled its test in South Korea after exam questions were leaked.
Another practitioner of behavioral economics, Robert Shiller was a professor of Yale University.
UC Davis's Dr. Emmons believes gratitude is actually easier for kids.
Robyn Fivush is a psychology professor at Emory University in Atlanta.
A college student participated in a different study cited bedtime-reading sessions with his father.
Patricia Bauer is a psychologist and a senior associate dean for research at Emory.
He is a psychology professor at Harvard University and author of 'The Seven Sins of Memory.'
Sebastian Markett, a researcher in psychology neuroscience at the University of Bonn in Germany.
It connected what they discover with what they actually do at college.
These ideas that our students can capitalize on throughout their time at college.
These discussions are valuable, a step turning college into the transformational experience.
It was a list of colleges that offer the “best bang for the buck.”
Dollars-and-cents tabulations like that one are the fastest-growing sector of the college rankings industry.
Ever more analyses vied for the attention of high school students and their parents who are anxious about finances.
There is no agreement on how to measure the value of a college.
Princeton Review, which has advised decades of prospective students on the best party schools.
The top tier of U.S. News’s list somehow features Harvard, Princeton, Williams, and Soka University of America.
That is to make comparision between Harvard and Yale not Harvard and Soka University of America.
Carolyn Hoxby is an author of an influential study about the failures of college as an engine for social mobility.
Face-to-face interactions like that can be the most enriching part of college.
The rarefied precinct notoriously deemed a boys’ club by the former Harvard president Lawrence Summers.
Brendan White, a senior at Temple University’s Japan campus, says he has figured out everything.
All of this used to be a preserve for Japanese college students. 
Altogether, 90 percent of all college graduates end up with a decent job in Japan.
Corporations don’t think universities has let the students prepare for a job.
Ramin Khatami, 27 is an engineering graduate student from Iran at Gunma University.
The content is that high school teachers sharpen their computer science skills in workshops at local universities.
He takes Mr. Edouard’s Advanced Placement computer science class this year.
Mr. Edouard graduated from the University of Florida in 2011. 
Pew in conjunction with the College Board and the National Writing Project done a survey to 2462 teachers, 
Richard J Davidson is a professor of psychology and psychiatry at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
A degree from that shiny, elite college on the hill may not matter nearly as much as you think.
A new Gallup survey of 30,000 college graduates of all ages in all 50 states has been held.
It is part of a growing effort to measure how well colleges do their jobs.
It tried to determine what happens during college lead to workplace engagement later in life.
It is a lack of benchmarked data to measure the value of a college degree.
He seized on the idea of applying their engagement and well-being questions to college graduates.
That is for those universities that have the will, and frankly, the nerve.
The poll found that just 39% of college graduates feel engaged at work.
Nearly three-quarters of college graduates leave school with debt in the United States.
Graduation from an elite college provides no discernible advantage over Podunk U.
The exam will determine where Vietnamese students will go to college.
Many poor students need a diploma from a good university to rise into the middle class.
American universities have the scope to consider extracurricular activities, jobs, personal statements, recommendation letters and grades.
Vietnamese universities should evaluate a wider range of criteria when judging students.
High schools give generous marks to their students in order to get them into the top universities.
But such reforms still won’t require universities to evaluate candidates holistically.
If Vietnam follows suit, universities here could have greater flexibility in recruitment.
A few days ago, I met with students at Fudan University in Shanghai.
John Canemaker is an Oscar-winning animator and a historian of animation at New York University.
Among young Americans whose parents didn’t graduate from high school, only 5 percent make it through college themselves.
Russia now has the largest percentage of adults with a university education of any industrialized country.
As recently as 2000, the United States still ranked second in the share of the population with a college degree.
He worked his way through Reed College and the University of Chicago, earning a Ph.D. and becoming a university professor.
Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz of Harvard University argue powerfully that this was the secret to America’s economic rise.
Yet American teachers earn 68 percent as much as the average American college-educated worker.
Ruth E. Ley at Cornell University and colleagues demonstrated this amazingly.
Lu Li, 23, who graduated from the University of South Carolina in May.
My parents could not understand the choice I made after getting a degree.
The showcase of the university’s Reinvent Law Laboratory, is not an activity many practicing lawyers would recognize.
Michigan State professors don’t just teach torts, contracts and the intricacies of constitutional law.
Paul F. Campos of the University of Colorado is another skeptical law professor.
He finds Michigan State’s approach “admirable” but declar himself amused by the focus on tech.
For the students at Michigan State, the opportunities outweigh the risks.
The winner of the start-up competition at Michigan State was Stand’n.
The day the study was released, a recruitment film was being shot on the campus of University of Derby.
The university boasts small class sizes and good connections with several global companies..
There is a Chinese student who describes her experience at Derby in Mandarin.
Mr. Slade said competition for international students has become so strong among smaller.
Dr. Shaun Curtis, director of the international development and recruitment office at the University of Exeter, agreed.
Dozens of Harvard Law School faculty members are asking the university to withdraw its new sexual misconduct policy.
The federal government has threatened to withhold funds from universities that do not have adequate sexual misconduct policies.
The letter is from some law faculty, it doesn’t represent the whole school or the university or the students.
But at the same time, they are promoting Japanese universities as globalized and open, in a bid to compete internationally.
It has infuriated many and raised anxiety about what for a number of them is a high-stakes college application process.
It’s the College Board’s responsibility to root out leaks and cheats, not that of the students.”
The College Board creates the SAT and contracts with the Educational Testing Service to provide testing security and administration overseas.
Those numbers come courtesy of a new report by the Association of American Colleges and Universities.
Many college graduates would be happy to be $11 ahead instead of thousands, or hundreds of thousands, behind.
To make college a good value again, today's parents and students need to be skeptical, frugal and demanding.
The GI Bill converted college from a privilege of the rich to a middle-class expectation.
It is as University of Michigan economics and finance professor Mark Perry has calculated.
Tuition for all universities, public and private, increased from 1978 to 2011 at an annual rate of 7.45%.
Wittenberg University in Ohio is eliminating nearly 30 of about 140 full-time faculty slots.
In 2011, the University of the South in Sewanee, Tenn., cut tuition by 10%.
For academic year 2014-15, Ashland University in Ohio has cut its tuition by 37%, more than $10,000.
The law schools at Seton Hall and the University of Iowa have rolled back or frozen their tuition fees.
University finances are notoriously Byzantine, and administrators generally like it that way.
This is the sort of transparency that taxpayers should demand from public universities.
A college degree is often used by employers as an indication.
It included the revised Collegiate Learning Assessment (CLA+) and ACT's WorkKeys, which is explicitly aimed at employment skills.
What about the 'college experience', late-night dorm bull sessions, partying and pizza?
In a study they conducted among 48 female students in one residence hall at Indiana University from 2004 to 2009.
Young women who were similar in terms of 'predictors' nonetheless emerged from college on very different career trajectories.
We certainly shouldn't discard entirely the old-fashioned approach to college, whatever its shortcomings.
In addition to narcissism, Harms, the University of Nebraska-Lincoln professor, studies other 'dark traits'.
This relationship joins a small but growing number of universities prohibiting such relationships.
Harvard said Thursday that the change had been made after a panel reviewing the institution’s policy on Title IX.
The American Association of University Professors does not recommend that colleges ban such relationships.
The grueling test is the lone criterion for admission to Chinese universities.
It was all for the sake of helping their only son become the first family member to attend college.
The glut of university students may have eroded the value of a college degree.
Yang Wei’s marks were rising close to the level needed to enter one of China's nearly 120 first-tier universities.
But now, securing a place in even a second-tier university looked doubtful.
For each student who gets into a first-tier university, the teacher teams share a $500 reward.
They must lift these students to past the minimum scores required for second-or third-tier universities.
His head teacher told him he might be the first Maotanchang student to be admitted to Tsinghua University.
Beijing's prestigious Tsinghua University is known as the M.I.T. of China.
Over the years, Maotanchang has earned a reputation as an assembly line for second-tier universities.
Tsinghua's minimum score for students from Anhui province taking the science exam was 641.
Jeffrey Froh is the above study co-author , associate professor of psychology at Hofstra University.
This can send anyone into a tailspin, from college students to corporate executives.
David Scott Yeager is an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Texas at Austin.
Gregory Walton is an assistant professor of psychology at Stanford University.
A 2012 study by researchers at the University of Alabama note that.
Courses are not only being offered by universities like Harvard and M.I.T..
Justin Reich is a fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard.
The government loan available to parents of undergraduates, which has a fixed rate of 7.9 percent.
Repayment wouldn’t begin until six months after my daughter graduates college.
There are no reliable statistics on whether parents are delaying retirement to pay for their children’s college.
While college costs go up, up, up, household income has not.
And older parents are taking on more debt to pay for college.
Nina has applied to universities in the state system as well as private colleges.
The cost is about half the cost of a private college.
Ms. Coonerty attended the state university in Santa Cruz in the 1960s.
Without the college costs, she would have reduced her therapy schedule to a few hours a week by now.
I can get her undergraduate years paid off without her taking on debt.
Sean is a freshman at Lehigh University in a five-year business and engineering program.
She studied at the Xalapa campus of the Anahuac University, in Mexicoa computer science graduate.
Her search for a university master’s program quickly brought her to the Technical University of Munich.
They asked recruiters and senior international executives to profile an ideal university graduate.
And they asked them to profile the ideal university producing such graduates.
They ranked 150 top universities according to the employability of their graduates.
Ms. Altamirano’s choice ― the Munich technical school ― ranked number 11.
The ranking’s top 20, led by Oxford, Harvard and Cambridge, still reads like most conventional academic listings.
The survey suggests that past experience with graduates of specific universities remains an important determinant in hiring.
The top-150 university ranking was derived from recruiters' responses, combined with those of a subsequent poll of executives.
Teaching practical know - how is the most important characteristics of an ideal university.
Soft skills were the most important characteristics of an ideal university.
Graduates from the United States, Britain and Germany were most favored by recruiters.
Along with another three in Hong Kong, a combined total equal to Germany’s.
Graduation from a top university plays a role in many new hires.
In college, he bought his girlfriend the hair-straightening iron she had been hinting about for Christmas.
Alec R. Levenson is a senior research scientist for the Center for Effective Organizations at the University of Southern California.
But, surprisingly, it wasn’t necessarily specific technical skills that were lacking.
The trouble is, those skills are applied in a college context, not a workplace context.
In other words, the onus shouldn’t just be on universities; employers also need to step up to the plate.
Accenture stated in a summary of The Accenture 2013 College Graduate Employment Survey.
The report queried 1,010 students graduating from college in 2013 and 1,005 who graduated in 2011 and 2012.
The problem, it said, is that most recent college graduates expect employers to provide on-the-ground training.
many employers believe falsely that recent college graduates should be able to hit the ground running.
Universities are not in the job of vocational training but they are in the job of evolving.
College students, and increasingly post-college students are eager to participate in job internships.
To what extent are employers and colleges having a conversation about what they really need?
We see this more in the community college arena. Maybe we need more back and forth.
It’s not that colleges and companies haven’t been trying to figure this out ― and with varying success.
In 2008, the Boeing Company ranked colleges based on how well their graduates performed within the corporation.
The results weren’t made public, but Boeing did share them with colleges.
Boeing used that information to determine where the aerospace company focused its internship programs and hiring.
Some 50 colleges participated in it  , including Cornell, Duke University and Georgia Institute of Technology.
Those colleges have made the Web site available to students at their college career centers.
His sophomore year at the University of Missouri begins this fall.
Private housing developers try harder than ever to outdo the amenities that their competitors offer in college towns.
Developers have created more than 3,800 beds of student housing in town since 2011.
Mr. John predicted private accommodations would grow in the future as Missouri’s freshman population climbs.
Visiting faculty members live in some, and they host lectures, discussions and scientific experiments in Missouri’s residence halls .
Some say the new developments detract from the charm of college towns.
The monthly rates for the modern units in Columbia is about twice the cost of older housing in the area.
In college, I lost my virginity to Sally, a red-haired flute player
They are at Brigham Young University studying the correlation between social relationships and mortality.
Now, Ms. Ryan is working there part time and also has a part-time job at Columbia University.
Columbia University is not far from her Upper West Side home.
The University of California, Los Angeles, is the national leader in applications.
The space in a first-year class is about 6,000 in this university.
This year, for the first time, the admission rate for freshmen at U.C.L.A. and U.C.B. could drop below 20 percent.
Colleges are increasingly aggressive to prospective students, with mailings, emails and advertising.
Some colleges do things simply to increase their applicant pool and manipulate those numbers.
Highly competitive colleges offer places to fewer than 20 percent of their applicants.
In 2003, Harvard and Princeton drew exclamations of dismay, envy and satisfaction.
They became the first top universities to have their admission rates dip below 10 percent.
Since then, at least a dozen have gone below 10 percent.
This was the second year in a row that Stanford had the worst odds of admission among top colleges.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Chicago about 8 percent.
Several universities had admission rates this year that were less than half of those from a decade ago.
The University of Chicago’s rate plummeted to a little over 8 percent, from more than 40 percent.
The college roommate relationship has been the focus of research in recent years.
The ways that student behavior may be shaped by the luck of the draw.
He is the co-author of a 2008 study on college students and alcohol.
Joan Luby is a professor of child psychiatry at Washington University School of Medicine.
Daniel Klein is a professor of clinical psychology at State University of New York at Stony Brook.
Neal Ryan is a professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh.
Melissa Nishawala is a child psychiatrist at the New York University Child Study Center.
Mary J. O'Connor is a professor and founder of the infant and preschool clinic at U.C.L.A.
Charles Zeanah is a professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at Tulane.
Mr. Ratthida is studying international economics and trade at Soochow University in Laos.
Soochow University is trying to find a market for its degrees in Laos at a time.
Another mainland Chinese university, Xiamen University, is planning a campus in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Only by going out can we close in on the top Chinese universities.
Soochow is the first foreign university to receive approval from the Laotian government to provide degree programs.
This year, Soochow has 50 students enrolled in undergraduate programs and 100 registered in evening classes.
He is an associate professor at the Columbia School of Social Work.
The University of Minnesota study tracked 9,000 high school students in five districts in Colorado.
His university’s financial ties to speculators have been the subject of scrutiny by the news media and others.
Mr. Pirrong and the University of Houston are not alone in publicly defending speculation.
Mr. Irwin of the University of Illinois consults for a business that serves hedge funds.
The business school at the University of Illinois has received more than a million dollars.
Part of the reason is that young women today are more likely to attend and complete college than boys.
Girls are doing better and getting accepted into better universities on average.
That is why you are seeing more attention to creativity at universities.
Saybrook University has a master’s and certificate, and added a specialization to its psychology Ph.D. in 2011.
Manhattan may be a bit large to be considered a college town.
About 230 rooms on the top 20 floors of the building were rented to Pace University as a student dormitory.
For the past few decades, Pace has been a university that needs to commute.
：Pace has enrolled as many as 5,500 undergraduates on the Manhattan campus, up from 4,700 in 2008.
In addition to Manhattan, the university also has a campus in suburban Pleasantville, N.Y..
At Pace university, students pay $15,800 per year (nine months) for dormitories, or about $1,760 a month.
But the New School has taken advantage of a mixed-use model, too.
But as Mark Zuckerberg found when he decided to build a better version of Harvard’s undergraduate student directory,
University administrators said they were concerned that the site was available to people who were not Yale students.
“BYSTANDER INTERVENTION” course is so easy to grasp, even by the most inexperienced college freshman.
As numerous researchers have documented, nearly one of five women is sexually assaulted during her college years.
These complaints includes the outdated campus judicial systems trying to affix innocence or guilt. 
“All these colleges are struggling independently to figure this out,” Mr. Lisak says. 
Failure to do so could result in a university losing tens of millions of dollars in federal funding.
Mostly it left universities to figure out how to carry out the mandate.
Dartmouth University is inviting representatives from two dozen universities to meet this summer.
Many colleges have responded by developing violence prevention campaigns around the bystander intervention model.
In the last year, the University of Massachusetts has created an extensive campaign to promote awareness.
At 1:16 a.m. on Labor Day, an 18-year-old freshman stopped a young woman heading home alone from a party.
The University of New Hampshire has developed one of the most comprehensive research, training and prevention programs.
But a few days later, after piecing it together, she filed a complaint with the university.
A rape treatment crisis center has been funded and is well staffed in the University of New Hampshire.
A team of 12 professors and researchers have formed a center for evaluating and implementing bystander programs in the university.
The University's athletic department holds mandatory sessions for all varsity athletes.
Fortunately, the figure doesn't apply to the University of New Hampshire.
Campus tribunals are ill-equipped to handle the growing volume of sexual violence cases.
Honor codes were designed to investigate plagiarism, fighting, alcohol and drug use, not rape.
Mr.Sullivan’s office has been holding monthly meetings with representatives from nearby colleges to review sexual assault cases. 
They are concerned for their college prospects or their school systems’ reputations ― and their own.
It’s one thing if you have a real deficiency，but not if your deficiency is not getting into Brown.”
The first physics test of the year ― inclines, friction, drag ― loomed ominously over her college prospects. 
“I wanted to do everything I could to get into the quote-unquote right school,” he recalled recently.
When college applications hit, he bought extra pills for $5 apiece from a girl in French class.
Jonathan described how some classmates already abused stimulants ― long before SATs and college applications. 
This shouldn’t be what they need to do to get where they want to.
But as he watches upperclassmen regularly abuse stimulants as they compete for top college slots, he is not quite sure.
Getting into a selective college is harder than it used to be.
It really is harder to get into Harvard for American teenagers.
It really is harder to get into Yale, Stanford, Brown, Boston College for American teenagers.
Today’s 40-year-olds or 50-year-olds have dificulties in applying studying in college.
The number of American students at Harvard has dropped 27 percent since 1994.
Harvard adjusts the size of students according to the teenage population nationwide.
At Yale and Dartmouth, the number of American students has declined 24 percent.
At Notre Dame and Princeton, the number of American students has declined 14 percent.
William Fitzsimmons has been in charge of harvard admissions since 1986.
The college-age population in this country fell to 14.1 million in 1994 from 16.5 million in 1984.
How easy the application process was for me and my peers!
It is dificult to go to college at almost any other time over the past half century.
By the 2000s, the so-called echo boom in births had increased the number of college-age Americans.
The result is those big declines in the number of available seats for any given American teenager.
Several large colleges include N.Y.U. and the University of Southern California.
Several large colleges effectively increase the number of seats on elite campuses.
Either way, the research underscores a problem with the way colleges have globalized.
Colleges have not tried hard to recruit an economically diverse group of foreign students.
Sarah Turner and Kelli Bird are economists in University of Virginia.
They are also waiting to hear from the colleges to which they applied last fall。
You went to a good school and you got a good job.
Back in Chicago, Louis's dad suggested that Louis apply to Carnegie Mellon University.
For the members of the Thiel scholarship, going to college is not an option for everyone.
College graduates find better jobs and earn higher wages than those with only a high school degree.
That’s so much more true of people who did not go to college.
Louis is committed to college, a view that solidified in the fall.
It wasn’t lost on Louis's father that both schools were far from Silicon Valley.
One study examined what factors contributed to the retention of foreign undergraduates in two Midwestern university systems.
At Kent State, Mr. Di Maria has set up an international-students advisory committee to catch issues “before they snowball.”
According to a survey by the National Association of College and University Business Officers.
With family incomes stalled, many bargain-seeking students are drawn to public institutions.
But Sewanee now guarantees that tuition will not increase during a student’s four years at the college.
Just this week, Northland College in Wisconsin became the latest to announce such a step.
Roger Williams University in Rhode Island turned to fixed-rate tuition after some market research.
Converse, the nation’s only women’s college competing in Division II sports, met those conditions.
But some experts note that as wealthy students abuse stimulants to raise already-good grades in colleges and high schools.
And ultimately, that will be what determines success long after a college is chosen.
For college students who ranked among the bottom quarter of their high school classes, the numbers are even more stark.
Whether everyone in college needs to be there is not a new question.
Among the top 10 growing job categories, two require college degrees.
Some of them could have bought a house for what they spent on their education.
Some of the people coming out of those apprenticeships are in more demand than college graduates.
understands the argument for erring on the side of pushing more students toward college.
If we’re telling kids, ‘You can’t cut the mustard, you shouldn’t go to college or university.’
Some college, whether you complete it or not, contributes to aesthetic appreciation, better health and better voting behavior.
From their start two years ago, when a free artificial intelligence course from Stanford enrolled 170,000 students.
But we in universities could do that ourselves if we had that money.
adding hundreds of courses with dozens of college and university partners.
But the path ahead is less clear, and all three are working with universities.
Among those nations that have been at the forefront of the euro zone's fiscal crisis, there was no clear pattern of deterioration in school performances.
It argues that much of what has been achieved is down to the way school systems are run, rather than the societies in which they operate.
I am confident that you will uncover all of the priceless opportunities an education from U.N.N.J. will provide you for your future.
According to a seemingly growing chorus of politicians and others whose metrics for higher education are skill acquisition and job placement.
One way to move up the ladder and out of poverty is through higher education, but even that is not without disproportionate costs.
According to the most recent figures from the National Center for Education Statistics, 68 percent of all high school graduates make it to a two- or four-year institution.
Dr. Stotsky finds the idea that students should have to go to college to get a good high school education counterintuitive.
The evidence so far suggests that online education may do better in giving low-income students a leg up if it is directly tied to work.
He wrote an essay in The Chronicle of Higher Education in the fall about his experience teaching a class through Coursera.
Increasingly, therapists and parenting experts are homing in on how it hurts a child, as well as how to stop it.
Learning to start sentences with 'I' rather than 'you' can help parents shift from an angry attack to a teaching moment.
The chance to combine history and English with an interest in education policy was what initially drew her to consider studying in America.
Conventional wisdom has long held that our K-12 schools are mediocre or worse, while our colleges and universities are world class.
According to a recent ranking by the London-based Times Higher Education, 18 of the world’s top 25 universities are American universities.
The fair way to compare the two systems, to each other and to systems in other countries, would be to conduct something like a PISA for higher education.
Given dampened feelings of worth and happiness among Chinese, we point to the costs of the Chinese style for children’s emotional functioning.
The meeting was part of a larger effort to push for legislation that would make sex education a mandatory part of Indonesia’s national curriculum.
Those who question the value of college tend to be those with the luxury of knowing their own children will be able to attend it.
With the entire educational system for the blind “a blank page,” it was only the beginning of much-needed change to enable them to truly participate in society.
But, for now at least, there is reason to doubt the long-held wisdom that the consensus gold standard in American higher education is Harvard.
In fact, it has become one of many universities that worry about how far the pendulum has swung away from the humanities.
It describes near-complete enrollment of local children at primary and middle schools that is “ahead of the pack in universal education.”
The city “has established the notion that migrant children are ‘our children’ and works constructively to include them in its educational development.”
Play is seen by most teachers and education scholars as a break from hard work or a reward for positive behaviors.
A top priority of Mr. de Blasio is persuading state lawmakers and the governor to pass a tax on high-income city residents to pay for universal prekindergarten.
During his campaign for mayor, Mr. de Blasio presented his prekindergarten plan as a way of reducing inequality in the city.
Conant’s aim was to identify a new elite based on brains rather than heredity, not to expand access to higher education.
In tune with the times, Mr. Coleman does want to improve access, in part by making a more level playing field.
When the Education Trust, an advocacy group, set out to list the colleges that do right by low-income students, it found only five entries.
The National Center for Education Statistics estimates that fewer than 40,000 American students received bachelor’s degrees in computer science during 2010.
The number of bachelor’s degrees granted in computer science has been growing for the last several years according to the National Center for Education Statistics.
Most educators believe that it is critical to introduce computer science to students at an early age so that they are interested in it.
The percentage of graduates who earned credits in high school computer science classes is 25 percent in 1990 according to a report by the Education Department.
Daniel T. Willingham is the auyhor of “When Can You Trust the Experts? How to Tell Good Science From Bad in Education".
The United States is devoting billions of dollars to compete with Russia militarily, but maybe we should try to compete educationally.
Across the O.E.C.D., an average of 70 percent of 3-year-olds are enrolled in education programs，in the United States, but it’s 38 percent.
They are kind people, but they don’t think it is necessary to go to rural China to do education for two years.
At Indiana University’s law school, Prof. William D. Henderson has been advocating a shake-up in legal education whose time may have come.
She was impressed by how British institutions would rely on just a few countries to fill their ranks of international graduate students.
Currently only two make the cut in prominent lists like that of Times Higher Education: the University of Tokyo and Kyoto University.
For an 18-year-old, investing such a sum in an education without a payoff makes no more sense than buying a Ferrari on credit.
He is a professor of education at the University of Oregon and the author of "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Dragon?"
Such exercises can't remove deep obstacles such as poverty or trauma, or enable students to thrive in a bad educational environment.
Ms. Zhang ’s happy with that. Her daughter feels German, but “we have to teach the kids how to take the best of both worlds.
The institute's effective education strategy data center is similar to a small food and drug administration, but it has no enforcement powers.
A survey by the Office of Management and Budget found that just 42 percent of school districts had heard of the clearinghouse.
Now, though, with a growing body of evidence on what works, researchers wonder how they can get educators and the public to pay attention.
President Obama released a report that cited the need for men to intervene: “Bystanders must be taught and emboldened to step in and stop it.”
Under the 1972 Title IX legislation, colleges were mandated to have a comprehensive system in place for dealing with sexual violence complaints. 
But two studies presented at last month’s annual meeting of the Association of International Education Administrators may shed some light on those issues.
It’s scary to think that this is what we’ve come to; how not funding public education to meet the needs of all kids has led to this.
Yet despite the need, vocational programs, which might teach such skills, have been one casualty in the push for national education standards,
If it approached its goal of drawing thousands of students, it could signal a change to the landscape of higher education.
If it really works, it could begin the process of lowering the cost of education, and lowering barriers for millions of Americans.
Chinese teachers who had much less education than our American teachers showed more profound understanding of the elementary math they were teaching.
whose parents are barely functional and place more value on their child’s being home every day to baby-sit or do housework than they do on education, are left behind.
The use of artificial intelligence technology to grade essay answers has not yet received widespread endorsement by educators and has many critics.
American educators and politicians have been warning for years that rising powers like China and India are poised to overtake the United States in science achievement.
That message appears to be getting through to Chinese education officials, who are moving toward the American model of hands-on science learning.
He has seen firsthand how China’s education system transforms children into hardworking students with an impressive capacity for processing factual information.
The only thing growing faster than the sticker price on a college education may be the debate around the value of one.
Higher education must be more transparent in its value proposition to both the communities it serves and to the broader economy.
At too many postsecondary institutions, students are allowed to leave all planning for the future until they get around to it on their own.
The public and private sectors are urging kids to abandon the liberal arts, and study fields where the job market is hot right now. 
Other top regrets involved education (13 percent), career (12 percent), money issues (10 percent), parenting mistakes (9 percent) and health regrets (6 percent).
He said the only signs that tuition fees were spent on improving education were stickers that read “Financed by Student Fees” on books.
More surprisingly, even middle-aged Americans ― who, on paper, are among the best-educated people of their generation anywhere in the world.
The Food Allergy Research and Education group, the only major food-allergy organization, spent an additional $3.4 million for research last year.
Did you notice any differences between the education you had and like the education other kids had not having gone through home-schooling?
Less-educated parents, and poorer and black and Latino parents believe that there is no such thing as too much involvement in a child’s education. 
If you have nothing else to do that's any better, then I think education and studying and learning are a very good thing.
If we want our children to care about others, we need to teach them to feel guilt rather than shame when they misbehave.
All of us have, and we need to reacquaint ourselves with what education really means and what colleges do and don’t owe their charges.
Reflecting on Middlebury, he told me, “Anybody whose approach to ideas that they don’t like is just to scream bloody murder has been failed in their education.” 
Without this early start, the thinking goes, kids risk falling behind in crucial subjects such as reading and math, and may never catch up.
As the skeptics of teacher-led early learning see it, that kind of education will fail to produce people who can discover and innovate.
That kind of education will merely produce people who are likely to be passive consumers of information, followers rather than inventors.
Another reason: the Common Core State Standards, a detailed set of educational guidelines meant to ensure that students reach certain benchmarks between kindergarten and 12th grade.
In the most recent comparison of national educational levels, the Program for International Student Assessment, both countries ranked significantly higher than the United States on math, science and reading.
But the complexities of the task in the United States don’t erase a fundamental fact that overly structured classrooms do not benefit many young children.
A 2009 study by Sebastian P. Suggate, an education researcher at Alanus University in Germany, looked at about 400,000 15-year-olds in more than 50 countries.
Erin Chavez, a college history teacher, and her husband, Daniel, a special-education teacher, moved to East Northport with their two young children two years ago.
As a result, more families are thinking earlier about where they want to live in relation to what it means for their children’s education.
Here are some of the ways families with young children are approaching the complicated calculus of real estate and education in the city.
Michael Motto, a former assistant dean of admissions at Yale University who now works as a private educational consultant in New York said.
Disease control, public education, the promotion of new science and technology, and protection of the natural environment are all the functions.
It often is for the many Asians from the professional classes living in and around the coastal cities where the American educated elite reside.
And white liberals don’t want to be seen as looking down on people of other races and cultures whose parenting practices seem primitive. 
The museum wants to create a place where people of all ages could participate in classes art-making workshops, studio demonstrations and other educational endeavors. 
The tablets are paid for in part by a $30 million grant from the federal Department of Education’s Race to the Top program.
Teachers are also well paid, held in high esteem and trusted to get results without being forced to teach to the test.
Ms. Niazi has been taking courses, free so far, from Udacity and Coursera, two of the earliest providers of this new form of instruction.
I just spent the last two days at a great conference convened by M.I.T. and Harvard on “Online Learning and the Future of Residential Education”.
The ability to light a fire in a child, to develop in him or her a level of intellectual curiosity, the grit to persevere and the capacity to expand. 
They go to elite schools where they learn their craft, and that they are among the top quartile of college graduates.
If we go too far on the value added and cost, we’re going to have people too focused on the practical to explore.
I would try to work with some of the major employers to develop these kinds of programs to yield mastery in jobs that do demand high expertise.
When his family sent him to high school in the United States, he was so far ahead of his fellow freshmen in math and science.
We need to help them see that it takes more than a major to prepare even for careers, much less for the whole of one's life. 
Bey's first memories of book learning, he told me, were the readings his mother delivered from Genesis when he was 2.
Students who come to sessions with a list of questions or assignments to work on and who block out time to concentrate benefit most.
That’s why discussions of extraterrestrial civilizations, no matter how learned, have historically boiled down to mere expressions of hope or pessimism.
I think passive learning, book learning, the reading and writing, it's cheaper to do so that's why univerisities tend to stress that.
They thought it was worthwhile to send students into the world with practical knowledge about how to find a fulfilling job and excel at it.
On my first day at law school, our tutor told us that he could teach us many things about the law, but he couldn’t teach us about life.
It’s called stealing or piracy, as if sharing a wealth of knowledge were the moral equivalent of plundering a ship and murdering its crew.
We should move to another system in which students are asked and empowered to master more basic material online at their own pace.
The classroom becomes a place where the application of that knowledge can be honed through lab experiments and discussions with the professor.
We are a pretty good match but I really do think that Katia is a great teacher as well as being a good dancer.
The students come up and say, "Teacher, we're all going to dinner at the end of the course. Do you want to come with us?" 
The best teachers I’ve had are the ones who stand up in front of the class and wave their arms and say provocative things that students then react to.
Why should the success of the children of Asian doctors, nurtured by teachers, be reassuring to a black boy in Baltimore who is raised by a struggling single mom?
This system is a lot of the reason that teacher turnover is so high, causing even many of the best teachers to abandon the ranks.
The other is to create teacher training materials to help educators integrate the Holocaust and other genocides into their class work.
There their assignment was to leaf through a book together while listening on headphones to a CD with the voice of a teacher reading it aloud.
I wish my teacher knew how much I miss my dad because he got deported to Mexico when I was 3 years old.
As teachers, we know parents are the first and best teachers for their children and we want them to work with us.
Teachers use the time with students on projects, exercises or problem sets, the stuff that students would traditionally do at home.
Bergmann uses Moodle software, which creates at random a different test each time from a pool of questions the teacher writes in advance.
Teachers who use flipped mastery claim that its efficiency allows most students to do a year’s work in much less time.
The Pew research found that 76 percent of teachers believed students had a habit of finding quick answers by the Internet.
By contrast, the Common Sense survey focused largely on how teachers think of the impact of entertainment media on a range of classroom skills.
He emphasized that teachers’ views were subjective but it nevertheless could be accurate for them to sense the decline in attention spans among students.
The analysis said that in math, 61 percent of fourth-grade teachers reported ability grouping in 2011, up from 40 percent in 1996.
Proponents of grouping argue that without it, teachers are forced to teach to the middle, leaving out both struggling children and gifted learners.
A proper diagnosis for a teenager claiming to have A.D.H.D., requires interviewing parents, teachers and others to confirm that the problems existed long before.
Experienced teachers know that not everything children share during circle time represents an accurate reflection of what goes on in their home.
She showed me a paper written for a class in English composition taught by a teacher who was consistently late and twice absent.
Nearing the end of the first year, teachers and administrators still regularly work 14-hour days in teams, making improvements for next September.
Even to this day I am approached regularly by his former students saying he was a great guy and a great teacher.
I hadn’t met his new teacher yet, so I sent her a heads-up by email, explaining that this had been going on for some time, it wasn’t just a whim.
I’ve seen it many, many times in many, many classrooms ― kids being told to sit at a table and just copy letters.
The teacher to whom I am most indebted was Norman Maclean, who taught the course in poetry at the University of Chicago.
It seems misguided to try to improve the process of learning by putting an expensive tool in the hands of teachers.
In one scene, a teacher with a tablet computer crouches next to a second-grader evaluating how many words per minute he can read.
Shanghai’s secret is simply its ability to execute more of these fundamentals in more of its schools more of the time.
When it comes to bullying, to sexual assault, to gun violence, we want and need our schools to be as safe as possible.
The debate between paying full tuition at an elite institution or accepting a merit scholarship from someplace less prestigious is a conversation we have all the time.
If you have a smart student who can get into some of these expensive schools, they’ll do well in other places.
His students, a third of whom are on subsidized lunch programs, do not often have the options of their peers at wealthy suburban schools.
What sets Irvington apart in a nation of unhealthy schools is that educators, parents and students there have chosen to start making a change.
Further, we directly measured whether students are more likely to return to Crystal Bridges as a result of going on a school tour.
All of which might be worth it if this form of accountability truly meant that public school students were getting a better education.
When a school falls short,the high-performing countries “use the data to decide which schools will receive visits from teams of expert school inspectors.”
Although the officials would not discuss how many fraudulent schools might actually be operating, Mr. Fishman said they were “too prevalent.”
In 2003, in his previous post as headmaster of Rugby School, Mr. Derham helped set up a program called the Arnold Foundation.
Parents have to offer a bribe of between 50,000 and 300,000 yuan to secure their child a place in a good school.
People in the province are beginning to grumble that locals are being passed over in favor of non-Canadians who pay higher fees.
While a few institutions like Dartmouth College have resisted the temptation to be known as what they are not, most have eagerly embraced it.
There's a recent discussion in the Manhattan school on punishments doled out in the ninth and tenth pouches of Dante’s Inferno.
My prediction after the first year was that a lot more kids would drop out and go somewhere where they had less stress.
It is unclear whether becoming a more formal part of a school would help or harm the growth of college e-sports.
To the researchers in this camp, the answer involves improving schools rather than changing schools to be more attuned to boys’ needs.
In the summer of 2012, it first sent 64 students to Yale for a week, and 21 ended up going to American schools.
While policy wonks hotly debate K-12 reform ideas like vouchers and the Common Core state standards, higher education is largely left to its own devices.
Shanghai has opened up a large number of primary and secondary schools to migrant children, as well as a number of vocational schools.
Another advantage is its location in a city that is itself an experiment as it struggles to recover from the earthquake.
But the lab so close by really was the big plus, if you plan to do experiments in Europe’s largest underground facilities, like me.
You first need to do what Abigail and Jocelyn and Henry have done every school day for the past two years.
I don’t want to shield you guys from that, but there are some things in there that just aren’t appropriate for school.
The study found they had a better outlook on school and greater life satisfaction three weeks later, compared with kids assigned to list five hassles.
The researchers undertook their study to find out where teenagers were getting most of their physical activity whether at or near home, school or elsewhere.
If we can do that, not just with school food, but with everything we do as a school district, we’re going to get better results.
The college he had led for the past 11 years had just been awarded second place in a new ranking of American higher education.
Depend on local property taxes, which provides great schools for the rich kids in the suburbs who need the least help.
You have got to be in a lot of pain” before a school will change something as tradition-bound as legal training.
They are the top 15 percent, I would say. The schools to which they apply are the elite top 20 or at least top 40.
This school was rich beyond imagination, Yang Qi said, holding my arm as we strolled past security guards at the gate.
The resurgence of ability grouping comes as New York City grapples with the state of its gifted and talented programs —— a form of tracking in some public schools.
You can’t create a school-based curriculum that can help someone transition to being highly productive on the job in 10 days.
Richard Stephens,told The Chronicle that some colleges took the findings seriously and worked with the company to refine their curriculums, while others dismissed them.
Then there is the problem of getting schools to agree to be randomly assigned to use an experimental program or not.
It is a course selection website that other students had developed and sold to the school a couple of years ago.
“If you don’t give me the prescription,” Ms. Radulovic said the girl told her, “I’ll just get it from kids at school.”
For decades, most private college pricing has reflected the Chivas Regal effect ― the notion that whether in a Scotch or a school, a higher price indicates higher quality.
Schools wanted a high tuition on the assumption that families would say that if they’re charging that high tuition, they must be right up there with the Ivies.
Where the high sticker price is scaring off students, few pay full freight, and where the school is reasonably healthy over all.
The school said if they had other ideas they would not cover,” Dr. Anderson said. “But the other ideas cost money and resources compared to meds.”
The core theory of school arithmetic was created by scholars, including American math scholars, in the second half of the 19th century.
SEED’s 116-page Student-Parent Handbook, however, did say it “is not the intention of the school to regulate every aspect of a student’s individuality.”
While SEED enrolls plenty of at-risk students, critics argue that SEED and other charter schools skim the cream of inner-city youth,
But SEED’s statistics have impressed fans of the school, including President Barack Obama, who called the school “a true success story”.
About 70 percent of SEED graduates are currently in or graduated from college, although the program is new enough that the sample size is small.
Until recently, the school lost about 20 percent of the student body each year ― mostly in middle school and mostly boys.
Though SEED students get in trouble for the usual teenage reasons, in some cases breaking rules reflects their ambivalence about prep-school culture.
A SEED student knows he can’t swagger through the hallways in baggy jeans, the rapper Ludacris blaring out of his iPod.
Around 8 p.m., they and their mother pile in her car and soon they are driving through the SEED gates for another school week.
Like the Halls lessons, other efforts at SEED are intended not only to broaden students’ experiences but also to ease the transition to colleges.
To that end, SEED, with the aid of scholarships, sends students off in the summer to study creative writing at the Putney School in Vermont.
But among the lessons SEED instilled in Triston and Parry was that to move ahead, they had to keep moving beyond home.
They believed that coming out in their essays had played a part in their being rejected by schools they should have gotten into.
Others thought that by coming out they could increase the odds of admission at a school committed to a diverse student body.
Last week the Independent Schools Admissions Association of Greater New York, which represents more than 140 private schools, cited concerns. 
Ms. Oddo, 45, her sons now attend second grade at the Saint Ignatius Loyola Grammar School on the Upper East Side.
At N.T.U., a group of researchers has spent the past year gathering available data on the university’s surface topography and subsurface geology.
Tuition at these institutions is not as expensive as at top Western schools and that they are not difficult to get into.
For Europeans, who typically have access to medical schools in their home countries for almost no charge, such fees can seem high.
Critics of the technology have tended to come from the nation’s best universities, where the level of pedagogy is much better than at most schools.
It may cost you more money to follow a path where faculty will work with you to help you hone high-level skills.
Outside of class, Cook was appointed the business manager of the yearbook because he was meticulous and good with numbers. 
Schools, in turn, are responding with new, specialized courses that promise to teach skills that students will need on the job.
Parents and students don't realize that even top schools differ greatly in their ability to get students out the door to graduation.
Parents should see what ties the school has to employers and what its reputation is in their child's prospective industry. 
One stumbling block for would-be students is that each college makes its own rules about which courses they accept for transfer credit.
She has to revive the University of California and simultaneously overcome the deep distrust of her within some quarters of the system.
And many state and university leaders fret that Latinos continue to lag behind the numbers of whites and Asians enrolling in the system.
She fell into fashion by happenstance after moving to New York City from Massachusetts to attend the School of Visual Arts.
Hundreds of schools in dozens of districts across the country have bowed to the accumulating research on the adolescent body clock.
The University of Minnesota study tracked 9,000 high school students in five districts  before and after schools shifted start times.
In those that originally started at 7:30 a.m., only a third of students said they were able to get eight or more hours of sleep.
It meant collecting the rules and regulations of 30 other private schools so as to determine the best way to even make bylaws.
They do so with the intent of being “humble about their gifts and generous of spirit,” as the school’s mission statement puts it.
Another noted that accepting Suri Cruise ― arguably the most famous child in the world ― seemed at odds with the rhetoric of the school.
He also sent letters to families who declined the school’s offer of admission, explaining to them how they were making a huge mistake.
For all of its intentions, Avenues is also starting to feel like a lot of other New York City private schools.
This year, Muthler is opting Noah out of the Pennsylvania System of School Assessment, using a broad religious and ethical exemption.
Just one or two percentage points difference will drag you from the No. 1 high school in the local region down to No. 3 or 4.
She realized it wasn’t fair for her younger daughters not to be able to eat like other kids at school and birthday parties.
Once he had an anaphylactic episode at school, and if he exerts himself within two hours of his dose, he can have a bad reaction.
If your child wants to play on a sports team, it's hard to get them in on a team at a regular school.
Meanwhile, the percentage of schools teaching French dropped from 64% to 46% in the same period, especially as schools face budget cuts.
That resiliency and talent for optimism will matter more down the line than the name of the school lucky enough to have her.
On my campus, Harvard, a small group of faculty members and deans created a noncredit seminar called “Reflecting on Your Life.”
They hope that if they move to these places now, the school will have improved by the time their child reaches kindergarten.
Renting or buying in a given school zone may be the most straightforward strategy for getting into a popular public school.
Some parents in overcrowded schools bristle at families who take advantage of the rule with no intention of staying in the neighborhood.
A recent online search for a comparable place in the P. S. 87 zone found listings from $995,000 to $3.85 million.
Insideschools.org is a project of the Center for New York City Affairs at the New School that offers profiles of city schools.
Julianna LeMieux visited schools in Washington Heights, Harlem and the Upper West Side last June in preparation for a move from Boston.
Ms. Szuflita said that but there is often another contingent ― a core group of new families who are “drawn to a school that looks promising”.
Ms. Bare said that they knew they could not afford to buy that kind of space in a zone where the schools were already proven.
The following year the city announced that it would phase out P. S. 22 and replace it with P. S. 705.
This school enrolled Drew, 5, their older child, in prekindergarten and plans to have their daughter, Lizzie, 2, follow in 2015.
A teacher might look for the right partner to pair up with a shy child for cooperative activities in the classroom.
He started taking dance lessons at age 7 at a small branch of a chain of schools run by Jean M. Wong.
She was so impressed that she sent a DVD of Mr. Lam’s dancing to the Ballet School at the Paris Opera Ballet in 2011.
Back in Hong Kong in August, Mr. Lam was the star attraction at the Jean M. Wong School’s 55th anniversary gala.
In England, the current government and its predecessor put increasing emphasis on using standardized testing to determine which schools were underperforming. 
When the Scottish Parliament came into being in 1999, we realized our schools were not performing as well as they should.
Huang identified with the black kids at school because they, too, were enduring beatings in their households in a way that white kids weren’t. 
He did not spend years plotting out a graduate school career, going to M.B.A. fairs and compiling a list of dream schools.
As a parent of middle schoolers, I would strenuously oppose any plan by their school to add so much screen time to my children’s days.
Between 1970 and 2010 we doubled the amount of money we spent on education and the number of adults in the schools.
By contrast, a larger, private, expensive nonelite university was not necessarily better than the flagship campus of a top-notch state university.
There were the hundreds of parents in Mississippi who pulled their kids from school because the principal had traveled to Zambia.
They promise good jobs on graduation but often discharge young adults with only limited employment prospects and a crushing burden of debt.
On the other hand, for some students, avoiding the traditional campus-based college scene might be a boon in the long run.
The videos are from similar students talking about how fears of not belonging on campus are normal at first and pass in time.
In the first weekend of school, a university theater group, the Not Ready for Bedtime Players, presented skits about assault and intervention.
The training may have played a role in catching a rapist on the UMass campus at the start of the fall semester. 
In July 2012, a female student reported to the campus police that Dez Wells, a star basketball player, had raped her. 
Dr. Brodhead made his remarks at the opening of a new Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity, in the heart of Duke’s campus.
The two schools have completed preliminary studies on developing the space beneath their campuses for lecture theaters, laboratories, sports facilities and performance halls.
We are looking at how much space we can create below the university campus if we really want to utilize the underground space.
Ms. Napolitano's primary job is convincing people who will never set foot on a University of California campus that the system deserves their tax dollars.
The young adult going off to college, with or without stuffed animals or scraps of a favorite old blanket, should be a reminder.
Students will someday have the option of semesters any of the 20 other campuses the school plans to inaugurate around the world.
The fear incudes threatening videos and public officials holding news conferences, diverted planes, suspicious packages, lockdowns on campuses and mass shooters.
What he says is that many places are full of rigid political correctness, but seeing him on campus is especially unsettling.
Sitting at an outdoor campus food court after class, Mr. Burnett and Mr. Evans nodded in recognition after hearing of the exchange.
He and I were more or less alone in the administration building, a huge clock tower in the center of campus.
Whether the improved scores on the Raven’s would translate into school grades, job performance and real-world gains remained to be seen.
High school students in many parts of east Asia continue to perform better at maths and other subjects than their counterparts in Europe.
The province of Shanghai in China once again produced the best results, followed by Singapore, Hong Kong, Taipei, South Korea, Macao and Japan.
Contrary to some characterisations such as the 'Tiger Mom' stereotype, the success of east Asian students was not down to endless hours of repetition.
The OECD believes that performance in that subject is the strongest predictor of an individual's future success in education and work.
One of the biggest surprises in the 2012 survey was the sharp decline in scores recorded by students in Finland's widely praised education system.
The university had simply admitted any student who graduated in the top 10 percent of a state high school in 2012.
The leagues and competitions have few of the student regulations governing traditional college sports, like grade-point minimums or time limits on practicing.
By eighth grade, 48 percent of girls receive a mix of A’s and B’s or better, but only 31 percent of boys do.
If girls were so constrained by their biology, how could their scores have risen so steadily in such a short time?
If stimulation is stopped, those are going to maintain a higher performance level than those who weren't stimulated, up to a year afterward.
To get into the top schools, their SAT scores need to be about 140 points higher than those of their white peers.
Those who showed high levels of gratitude, reported having stronger GPAs, less depression and envy and a more positive outlook than less grateful teens.
Teens who strongly connected buying and owning things with success and happiness reported having lower GPAs, more depression and a more negative outlook.
The S.F.U.S.D., to its credit, has made great strides in the quality of food available to students in the last decade.
Girls with high math scores, unlike their male counterparts, also tend to have high verbal scores and so may feel their career options are wide open.
He was relying on a good score from the October test to help offset a score from June that “wasn’t so good.
The company would investigate and expected to release valid scores by mid-November, in time to be considered by colleges for early admissions.
Poor academic performance is normal at first in the transition to a new school, and students' grades typically improve as they adjust.
African-American college freshmen who participated in an exercise to ease fears that they didn't belong on campus posted sharply higher grades for three years.
They wanted to get the grades worthy of their prestigious high school in an affluent suburb of New York City. 
“They’re the A students, sometimes the B students, who are trying to get good grades,” said one senior at Lower Merion High School in Ardmore. 
Within a few days, she said, an 11th grader, a ninth grader and an eighth grader asked for prescriptions for Adderall solely for better grades.
I prefer to make the teachers happy and the coach happy and get good grades, get into a good college and make my parents happy.
As senior year began, when another round of SATs and one last set of good grades could put him over the top.
No one suspected that “a kid who went to Bible camp” and had so improved his grades could be abusing drugs.
Mr. Kwai looked at several factors, including academic performance, integration into campus life and students’ schooling and experience before reaching the United States.
the medications are being used on low-income elementary school children with faltering grades parents who are eager to see children's success.
My kids don’t want to take it, but I told them, ‘These are your grades when you’re taking it, this is when you don’t,’ and they understood,”
Maybe not as knowingly, but it could be a consequence of a doctor who sees a kid failing in overcrowded classes with 42 other kids.
Like the perfect scores of Battushig, a 15-year-old Mongolian boy, in a tough electronics course offered by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
They drifted away from the old friends who didn’t want to hear about their SAT scores or the eight college campuses they visited with SEED staff members.
The SAT is taken during junior or senior year of high school, and it is a common element of college applications.
It is a little confounding how a test somebody took when they were 17 predicts success in a competitive workplace when they're 22.
Applicants are required to be in the top 10 percent of their class, having taken the most difficult courses their schools offer.
Jamieson calculated that the group taught to see anxiety as beneficial in the lab experiment scored 65 points higher than the controls.
The achievement gap between children from high- and low-income families is 30 percent to 40 percent larger among children born in 2001 than those born 25 years earlier.
But a growing group of scientists, education researchers and educators say there is little evidence that this approach improves long-term achievement.
At the same time, millions of American students, many of them poor and from minority backgrounds, remain far below national norms.
Too many young kids, disadvantaged or otherwise, would probably end up watching hours of TV a day, not an activity that promotes future educational achievement.
The number of GMAT scores received by German institutions grew more than 330 percent to reach nearly 6,000 during that same time period.
Many of the aspects that made the institution successful in the past are still important factors in the growth of European M.B.A. programs today.
She got a 22 on the ACT, the equivalent of about a 1,030 on the SAT ― not stellar, but above average.
In each class of 500 students, there would be 400 or so who did quite well, clustered around the A and high-B range.
Then there would be a second cluster of perhaps 100 students whose grades were way down at the bottom ― D’s and F’s.
And almost all of them had low SAT scores ― low for U.T., at least ― often below 1,000 on a 1,600-point scale.
He assigned them advisers who kept in close contact with them and intervened if the students ran into trouble or fell behind.
Small wonder that grade inflation is so pronounced and rampant, with A’s easy to come by and anything below a B-minus rare.
This led to a 0.35-point increase in average grades among disadvantaged students and a 10 percentage-point increase in their pass rates.
How important are these differences in explaining why students in China and other East Asian countries tend to have higher scores on international math tests than American students?
The ubiquitous 99s prompted one person to question whether that score was really special since “they seem to be a dime a dozen.”
In each of the past few years between 62 and 70 percent of the applicants to the independent schools represented by the association reached the 90th percentile.
More damaging than the social pressure is the potential for a nonstratospheric score to color a parent’s own perception of a child.
The software will assign a grade depending on the scoring system created by the teacher whether it is a letter grade or numerical rank.
Consulting firms such as Bain & Co. and McKinsey & Co. and banks like Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ask new college recruits for their scores.
The scores will determine which high school the students are admitted to ― or if they get into one at all.
They scored 50 points higher in the quantitative section (out of a possible 800) than the control group on the practice test.
This group of students who were 200 points lower on the SAT had exactly the same grades as the students in the larger section.
Boston Latin School, the oldest public school in the United States and one that selects students based on exams and grades.
Ever since the passage of No Child Left Behind 12 years ago, teachers have been judged, far too simplistically, based on standardized tests given to their students.
In the early 1980s, a large number of junior high school students took the math test in the American college entrance exam.
The ratio of boys to girls scoring 700 or higher on the math SAT in middle school is now only three to one.
A 15-year-old student in Mongolia took the same class as part of a blended course and received a perfect score on the final exam.
In PISA’s math test, the United States battles it out for last place among developed countries, along with Hungary and Lithuania.
Mr. Li reportedly handed in mostly blank papers after the two-day examination, unable to cope with the form of Braille it was presented in.
The document ordered education authorities across China to actively take measures to offer disabled people equality in applying for and taking part in the university entrance examination.
It's the much more subtle ability to avoid falling for a deceptively attractive wrong answer on a test or to concentrate on an arduous mental task.
If a computer could ace the entrance exam for a top university, what would that mean for mere mortals with average intellects?
Working hard in high school, and not professional coaching, “is the way to do well on admission tests and succeed in a rigorous college curriculum.”
And some fear that the new format could make it harder for the truly brilliant to stand out from the merely very bright.
ACT received credible evidence of the breach on Friday, June 10, and made the decision to cancel the test centers soon after.
Overseas applications for the ACT and SAT exams are on the rise as more foreign students seek admission to American colleges.
There’s no reason teachers couldn’t do this in any classroom, but it’s far less feasible when 30 kids are taking the test together.
And even among math geniuses who score in the top ten thousandth of the population the male advantage has been shrinking steadily.
Each July, students take an exam in three subjects for two daysn that are based on their prospective fields of study.
Students were rushing now to book slots to take the test in December, in case administrators declared the October scores invalid.
That forced some of the 1,500 South Korean students who had signed up for the exam to scramble to apply to take the exam elsewhere.
They hired students to memorize questions of exams taken abroad or posed as test-takers themselves, using secret cameras to take pictures of questions.
Many college applicants take the test in the fall of their senior year because of the time it takes for them to improve their English.
Many of the school’s students travel abroad to take the test, it’s a huge investment and a lot of time spent.
Here in China, parents pay a lot of attention to the test results. They are not O.K. without the test, because they have no confidence.
Then the top scorers on the keju had the honor of entering the Forbidden City in Beijing by the emperor’s middle gate.
Earlier this month, the College Board, which runs the SAT tests, said among other changes it will drop obscure vocabulary words.
Like quite a few parents at Fangcaodi, she hopes her son, Oliver, passes highly competitive tests for the No. 4 High School.
The drug can gave them a tunnel focus tailor-made for the marathon of tests long known to make or break college applications.
Do I want only four hours of sleep and be a mess, and then underperform on the test and then in field hockey?
Straight A’s and high SAT scores look great on paper, but they aren’t reflective measures of a student’s health and well-being.
Such exams were often a better measure of test-taking ability than English skill, especially in countries with traditions of strong test preparation.
Xie Mingbo is a teacher at New Oriental, an educational services company that coaches students for exams such as the gaokao. 
Consider, for example, that half of Grinnell’s applicants from China this year have perfect scores of 800 on the math portion of the SAT.
Other preschool parents bragged that their children had aced the admission test for New York City private schools with a top score of 99 in every section.
The average E.R.B. child was, statistically speaking, a higher performer than the average American child and that “this is not a new trend.”
Ruifan, 15, who goes by Derek in the United States, soon discovered that science was more than just facts and formulas just to be regurgitated on tests.
On a 2009 standardized test that drew worldwide attention, students in Shanghai finished first in the sciences among peers from more than 70 countries.
This summer, the Ministry of Education launched the latest in a series of campaigns aimed at shifting the focus away from standardized testing.
The ministry said the systemic fixation with testing severely hampers student development as a whole person and stunts their healthy growth.
Known as the gaokao, or high test, the exam takes nine hours over two days, and some say it makes the SAT a pop quiz compared to gankao.
Many applicants to the nation's most selective colleges and universities are taking ― and retaking ― both the ACT and the SAT.
A considerable chunk of the next year and a half is devoted to vocabulary lists, problem sets ,mock tests, real tests and retests.
We see a lot of test results between the ACT, the SAT, the subject tests, Advanced Placement and the International Baccalaureate.
The exam is scored on a scale of 2400, with up to 800 points each for critical reading, math and writing sections.
In 2013, SAT test-takers in the 'Black or African-American' category scored an average 429 on math and 418 on writing. 
It's a positive step that they're trying to align the test with what students should be learning in school, and what they need for college.
Noah Muthler took his first state standardized test in third grade at the Spring Cove Elementary School in Roaring Spring, Pa.
Just knowing he won’t be taking the tests in March has put Noah in a better frame of mind about school.
More mysterious is why her son Jacob, who is in eighth grade, isn’t the least bit unnerved by the same tests.
Never before has the pressure to perform on high-stakes tests been so intense or meant so much for a child’s academic future.
Nobody has ever come out of an SAT test saying, “Well, I won’t get into the college I wanted, but that’s O.K."
It shows that several other countries surging past the United States in students’ test scores and young people’s college graduation rates.
In all three fields, Japan ranked first and Finland second in average scores, with the Netherlands, Sweden and Norway near the top.
Spain, Italy and France were at or near the bottom in literacy and numeracy, and were not included in the technology assessment.
These kinds of differences in skill sets matter a lot more than they used to, at every level of the economy.
For home-schooling, what kind of exams or tests are there to make sure that children pass the grade that they're in?
When it comes time to take the SAT or the end of high school test then you can actually go and take them at a public school with everyone else.
It was based on test scores, self-reported data, and census and other data for the high school class of 2008. 
Britain’s education minister, Michael Gove, announced yet another measure to make the national exams taken by high school students in England more rigorous.
The good news about these kids, from U.T.’s point of view, is that they are very good students regardless of their test scores.
When the new school year started this fall, classmates’ heads swiveled toward him when professors said his name during roll call.
At the end of four years, I was exhausted by all the lonely hours I spent catching up to my classmates.
After seven years, those who went to schools where fewer than 20 percent of their classmates were poor shot ahead of the poor students.
It is highly relevant to have people from all over the world to come and study together in this historic environment.
There are no gold stars, no telling the class that they are all going to have to wait until Jimmy is quiet.
They were equally likely to say they felt they were engaged in math and science and were supported by their teachers, parents and peers.
Children can switch groups if they have shown progress, struggle to get along with other students in a group or need extra help with a particular lesson.
One girl who sells to fellow students said: “These kids would get in trouble if they don’t do well in school.” 
Then there was the day when he and his classmates went up to the roof to learn about gravity by dropping basketballs, tennis balls and other objects over the edge.
Your child comes home and claims that the teacher screamed and yelled at him in front of the entire class for his low test score.
Students who got less than that reported significantly more symptoms of depression, and greater use of caffeine, alcohol and illegal drugs than better-rested peers.
Bullied in middle school for his studiousness, Mr. El-Bey hoped to gain admission to the city’s elite specialized public high schools.
The best gift I ever received was a letter from my worst behaved student in my mailbox on the first day of the new school year.
The tall girl in Connecticut blew away her classmates with an essay about what it’s like to be 5-foot-11 in middle school.
And the study found that composite scores on national tests such as the ACT rose significantly in two of the five districts.
The United States usually had more people in the highest proficiency levels and more in the lowest in all three assessments.
Almost 50 percent of children who scored high on measures of antisocial qualities did not go on to become psychopathic adults.
Never mind that the English-language requirement applied only to master’s degrees and doctorates at a technical school where students learn how to build bridges and don’t deconstruct Dante.
Those foreigners who earned a doctorate in a science or engineering field at an American university and received a job offer based on it.
And the unemployment rate in April for people between 25 and 34 years old with a bachelor’s degree was a mere 3 percent.
About 5 percent of Harvard’s undergraduate degrees are awarded in computer science or engineering, compared with about 27 percent at Stanford.
Only 20 percent of the degrees in computer science, 20 percent of those in physics and 18 percent of those in engineering.
A few points either way could determine whether a student qualifies for a degree that is worth something ― or nothing.
Perhaps no more than half of those who began a four-year bachelor’s degree program in the fall of 2006 will get that degree within six years,
It’s time, they say, to develop credible alternatives for students unlikely to be successful pursuing a higher degree, or who may not be ready to do so.
People with college and graduate degrees generally earn more than those without them, and face lower risks of unemployment, according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
But the courses have not yet produced profound change, partly because they offer no credit and do not lead to a degree.
Although it is just one degree at one university, the prospect of a prestigious low-cost degree program has generated great interest.
Some educators think the leap from individual noncredit courses to full degree programs could signal the next phase in the evolution of MOOCs
those in the degree program will take proctored exams and have access to tutoring, online office hours and other support services.
We just want to prove that it can be done, to make a high-quality degree program available for a low cost.
After earning a doctorate in curriculum and teacher education from Stanford University, she worked as a senior scholar at the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.
The University College London linguistics graduate will be among the first group of students entering a new Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Chinese.
There are various reasons for the shift, including the growing reputation of degrees from Eastern European universities that teach courses in English.
Doctors, dentists and pharmacists with degrees from accredited universities in Eastern Europe may practice medicine almost anywhere within the European Union.
Eventually, they are rewarded a Doctor of Dental Medicine degree rather than the Doctor of Dental Surgery degree that is more common in Western schools.
In January, President Barack Obama inadvertently caused a bit of an uproar when he questioned the value of a degree in art history.
It is not in the public interest for students to use public funds for vocational degrees that don't have a good chance of paying off. 
But for degree that isn't prestigious, and where the degree isn't required or common, a degree may not matter at all.
Those enrolling to complete a degree include career changers, those who deferred college earlier and those who want to be models for younger family members.
Cory Boatwright, 36, expects to graduate in May with a degree in international relations from the University of Pennsylvania School of Liberal and Professional Studies.
He earned a bachelor’s degree in economics from Thomas Edison in 1994, at age 30, after a decade as a musician.
Graduating with a double or triple major as a way to hedge bets in an uncertain job market has become increasingly popular.
It will welcome 60 students for a two-year master’s degree program in the business of art, the first of its kind in China.
Last year, 33.5 percent of Americans ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor’s degree, compared with 24.7 percent in 1995.
Only about 1 out of 10 Americans whose parents were in the lowest income quartile held four-year college degrees by age 24 in 2011.
Since the recession began in December 2007, the number of Americans with bachelor’s degrees who have jobs has risen by 9 percent.
While almost 90 percent of freshmen born into families in the top income quartile will go on to finish their degree.
It could mean hundreds of first-generation students graduating from U.T. in 2016 who otherwise wouldn’t have graduated on time, if ever.
The gift is from a group controlled by a wealthy Hong Kong family, one member of which earned graduate degrees at the university.
At least 20 to 50 percent of the variation in I.Q. is due to other factors, whether social, school or family-based.
Children in the reasoning group scored, on average, 10 points higher on a nonverbal I.Q. test than they had before the training.
The kind of parenting a child receives in the first 3.5 years is a better predictor of high school graduation than I.Q.
After conducting I.Q. tests of students at a California school, the experimenters told the teachers the names of one-fifth of the children.
The greater the number of words children heard from their parents or caregivers before they were 3, the higher their IQ and the better they did in school.
In lab experiments, people have been given a variety of cognitive tasks ― computerized puzzles and games, portions of I.Q. tests.
Age, I.Q., reading speed, error rates and phonological skills of the two groups were similar at the beginning of the study.
To the extent people emerging from the Chinese education system almost seem to be born with this and the system certainly sharpens this.
Children unlearn  C.Q. fast as they get more boxed in and develop the conviction that whatever world they have been born into is the only or best one. 
“Common language” makes C.Q. much easier at one level, and I do fear that it makes it far more difficult at another. 
The program is now in 22 schools in the Seattle area.
It is planning a new campus across the Charles River, in the Allston neighborhood of Boston, largely for those studies.
Technical University of Munich is a once-traditional German technical college.
T.U.M. has in recent years developed into a global university.
T.U.M. offers many courses in English.
The school is really well known.
In November, Moody’s issued a report finding that more than 40 percent of colleges and universities face falling or stagnant tuition revenue.
Shiny diplomas from shiny schools help.
What do you wish you can learn at university, for example computer skills or writing skills or other skills?
It's not a guarantee of a bachelor’s degree.
Look at your paintings, the teacher said, you didn’t use any color.
The girl had fooled her psychiatrist, too.
That person may be a school official or a neighbor.
The testy school board meeting that Monday was packed.
That’s more of an existential dilemma over the purpose of a college education. 
Namely: the grades a student gets in school.
It as if to signal that new life is being breathed into the neighborhood.
Many students pushed back at a recent decision by high school administrators to suspend the teaching of seven books until further review.
You have very strong views about universities in Canada.
What are some things you like about English teaching?
At the time, he was a student at nearby Harvard.
In those cases, education was free or very cheap, but college today is not.
when his disruptive school behavior led to home calls and in-school suspensions.
It was the night before the students' mass departure for the gaokao.
It is according to the National Center for Education Statistics, which gathers and analyzes the data in the U.S.
That's just your school day.
She and some colleagues conducted it in 2003 with 40 fifth-grade students at a school in Philadelphia.
That is an empty lot near the school's side gate.
That's because past studies of regret have collected data primarily from college students.
That are used to decide which teachers should get to keep their jobs and which should be fired.
It is on a spring afternoon at Michigan State University.
There are more than 6,000 students in the school.
Do people now start to teach Spanish at schools?
That decision is often referred to as a "great leap forward" in higher education.
The kids who are thought of as the least able end up with the fewest opportunities and resources and positive learning environments.
Won't it be ruined by these new approaches to instruction?
The migrant children who do stay in school tend to come from more prosperous families, with better-educated parents.
Schools on the losing end are responding with closures. 
Many of those adolescents will talk about how they were talking about obesity in school when I first met them.
Those works were concerned not with the intellectual games of jaded Western sophisticates.
Then no one would send their daughters to college.
That will dumb down classes for the other students.
No one got off the waiting list that year.
That allow its trustees to consider it.
Ms. Napolitano appeared on a panel about Latinas in education that was sponsored by Eva Longoria.
Nelson Cowan is a professor at the University of Missouri
Nelson’s decision taps into a striking development in higher education. 
Sex education advocates were initially encouraged when Dr. Nafsiah Mboi was appointed as Indonesia’s health minister in June.
Taxpayers shouldn’t be “subsidizing intellectual curiosity.”
Natalie spent some time at an international school in Beijing, but the cost was crippling.
Winona Leon was a sophomore at the University of Southern California who grew up in West Texas.
The University of Southern California recorded the highest number of international students on any American campus last year for the 11th year in a row.
The university’s largest foreign student population has consistently been Chinese.
N.T.U. and N.U.S. continue to survey their underground potential.
Isn’t education supposed to provoke, disrupt, challenge the paradigms that young people have consciously embraced?
The University of Nevada, Las Vegas chose a colorful commode and the words "Gender Neutral" and "Unisex."
The reasons for the resurgence are unclear.
Students in the groups were constantly in flux.
I was glad that I could balance out my university life between fun and study.
Neal J. Roese is a psychologist and professor of marketing at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern.
Neal MacFarlane is a professor of international relations.
Nicholas Lemann is author of “The Big Test: The Secret History of the American Meritocracy.”
Nicholas Lemann is the author of “The Big Test: The Secret History of the American Meritocracy."
Nickersoo helped her schedule sessions, to provide continuity with the same tutor.
Nickerson urged Emma to choose a New York University grad student majoring in classics.
Neeta P. Fogg is a research professor at Drexel University’s Center for Labor Markets and Policy.
You have a very small school.
You have to make up courses in calculus and statistics.
You’ll never get a job because you have a degree.
You don't have to pay for your education and so it's open for everybody.
You are talking about how public schools right now are horrible.
Your other question asks whether students might finish college more affordably if they took advantage of 'disruptive' alternatives.
Were you denied admission to the University of North Carolina?
Your research compares how the United States and China teach elementary math.
You said senmongakko, what's that?
You send college students the message that they’re not smart enough to be in college.
You are back for a graduate degree.
What you find is a relentless focus on all the basics.
You will find that knowledge is not just theoretical.
Would you advise a college student to pick their college major based on future salary? 
Would you come to the school?
You’re not bound for the school of your dreams.
you can begin to detect a greater burden on universities.
You get to go to college.
You have your own school.
You can coach people to look at the number as a neutral thing. 
You can do calf raises on a squat rack. 
You can study any subject free in a MOOC.
How will you address this in your program?
Can you explain where your dance school is and what it is?
When did you think of this idea for opening a dance school?
You went to an SAT testing site and could run physiological and neurological scans on the teenagers milling outside the door right before the exam.
Can you imagine if you told parents there was a one in five chance that their daughters would be hit by a bus?
What are the greatest strengths you see of people emerging from the Chinese education system?
What do you think is the biggest difference between the working world and university?
you think that the teacher should give difficult assignments and give lots of homework?
What do you think about bilingual education in the United States?
You think junior high school's too early to start to start teaching kids about this kind of stuff.
What skills do you think that you really need in the working world that you can't learn at university?
You arrived in college.
You take fewer SAT courses.
Would you advise students take advantage of some of the inexpensive and disruptive technologies entering the marketplace like Massive Open Online Courses?
You are a college freshman.
You’re saying to women on college campuses that they don’t deserve the full protection of the law. 
You went to university in Canada.
You develop familiarity with this kind of teaching.
You're talking about work being business, but I mean, I'm a teacher.
Do you like an easy going teacher who has no rules over the class?
What do you love about teaching Tom?
you might assume that the statement about anxiety being beneficial simply calmed the students, reducing their stress and allowing them to focus.
Have you ever worked for a large school before?
Do you have an MBA?
You can make your own choice in regards to curriculum.
You have a child off at college.
Would you be intrigued enough to find out more knowledge?
It's a lot more important what you learn later in life than where you got your undergraduate degree.
You were at university.
How do you feel in school？
You have also taken classes in French in school.
Are you studying to get an MBA?
All you ever heard about the school was beatings and buggery.
Class presidents and soccer captains as they can, come at them as merchants, clamoring for their attention.
At Oxford, annual tuition is now 9,000 pounds, or $15,000.
N.Y.U. did not disclose who the other candidates were.
N.Y.U. has become a trendsetter among American universities.
N.Y.U. would not discuss Dr. Hamilton’s compensation.
N.Y.U. has opened degree-granting campuses in Shanghai and Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates.
N.Y.U. is one of the country’s more selective universities.
N.Y.U.is one of the most expensive nonprofit four-year colleges in the United States.
N.Y.U. picked Dr. Hamilton from over 200 nominees.
N.Y.U. has a relatively modest endowment.
Only a small fraction of the more than 100 loans given by N.Y.U. were for second homes. 
N.Y.U. has made to executives and star professors for expensive vacation homes in areas.
N.Y.U.’s students take on debt. 
N.Y.U. has already attracted attention.
New York University has become known for its global aspirations.
At least five medical or law school faculty members at N.Y.U. have received loans on properties in the Hamptons or Fire Island.
In New York City,lots of neighborhoods paid to finding the most gifted low-income students and putting them on a similar path.
The city’s Education Department has opposed the proposal, saying that using criteria other than tests would dilute the classes.
Poverty, slavery, divorce, hurricanes and birthdays were on a list drawn up by New York City educators.
That’s what it says on restrooms at the New School in New York City, along with pictographs of the plumbing inside.
At SUNY, exploratory students are urged to try new subjects using general education electives.
Nora Lewis is the vice dean for professional and liberal education at Penn.
Ms. Chen, a university student, in the interests of safety, reported her father to the police via Weibo.
Parents of girls spend 25 percent more on education per year in a child’s lifetime than parents of boys.
The Women’s Directorship Program has finished its first part.
Irvington teacher has seen the problem worsen over her 16 years on the job.
European countries excelled at first-rate education for the elites, but the United States led the way in mass education.
European graduate management programs received more than 90,000 Graduate Management Admission Test score reports.
Europe continues to lag East Asia in school performance.
Parvathy Murukurthy is a senior at the University of Chicago and member of the college circuit’s first all-star team.
Paola Inverardi is dean of the University of L’Aquila.
The school has so embraced the practice,  Patrick Boodey also said.
Patricia Rose is director of career services at University of Pennsylvania. 
The top 10 schools are so incredible.
National University of Singapore placed highest, at 22nd.
The sentence did not fit the crime, and he called the former Stanford student a “predatory offender”.
Pearson offers troves of digital curriculum.
The training manual describes how a teacher might coach a child to feed a baby doll.
Peggy Williams, a counselor at a high school in suburban New York City with a student body that is mostly black or Hispanic,
Penelope Perkins-Veazie is a professor at North Carolina State University in Raleigh.
Critics say the new government is trying to impose a rightist agenda on the nation’s schooling system.
Critics said the jury’s decision lets schools off the hook.
Those critical grouping argued in the 1980s and 1990s.
Critics also worry about rushing students through the material and pushing them prematurely onto college campuses.
The Pew research explored how technology has affected attention span, it also found how the Internet has changed student research habits.
Tablet computer had been presented to them as a transformative educational tool.
Even those who experience a few years of college earn more money, on average, with less risk of unemployment, than those who merely graduate from high school,
On average our school approximated a 30 percent failure rate.
Pinker suggests the university’s job is cognitive.
Critics argue that all this test-taking is churning out sleep-deprived, overworked, miserable children.
Apple has sold thousands of iPads to schools.
A Purdue University child psychologist pulled a random sample of 100 children’s books.
Grzegorz Buczkowski, an entomologist at Purdue University, was not involved in the research,
Kenneth Norman, a psychology professor at Princeton University.
A Princeton University psychology professor, Susan Fiske, has found that.
The national university entrance exam determines whether they can continue their educations and where.
Dr. Puccio developed an approach that he and partners market as FourSight and sell to schools, businesses and individuals.
It's partly because many people went back to school during the Great Recession.
The failing goal is the best universities in Moscow. 
The result is a generation that’s terrified of and clueless about the commen sense of romantic intimacy.
As a result, many private colleges are rethinking their pricing ― whether cutting or freezing tuition, or locking in the freshman tuition for all four years.
It has a total of more than 600,000 course enrollments.
The purpose is to sustain the momentum that’s transformed N.Y.U. over the last three decades.
And it intended to reduce the knowledge gap long before school starts.
Selected schools in 10 districts across Indonesia’s vast archipelago will be part of the project.
Nearly every other big technology scene in the country has at least two universities.
Other colleges would love to have such problems.
Other programs, like Facing History and Ourselves are more free-form.
Other teachers had not progressed much further than turning it on.
Others were skeptical about the idea of putting any particular university, or pair of universities, at the top of a national heap.
Others argue that today’s education system fails to acknowledge the profound differences between boys and girls.
Others were between 10 and 20 percent this year.
Other law school graduates cited six-figure debt and misleading employment data to make schools accountable.
More social-studies classes will be offered in other languages.
Essays for other classes were usually half a page long.
The rest of the schools were labeled academies.
The real value of reading to children is helping to develop background knowledge in all kinds of topics.
Including Masaru Ibuka, Sony’s co-founder and himself a great early-childhood education advocate.
Most are still in business today, and still prepare most new teachers.
Most of them African-American, most from single-parent, lower-income families in Southeast and Northeast, pass through the gates of SEED.
There are concerns: These may be halfway houses that don’t really nail either the Chinese or the Western curriculum.
One of these vedios, narrated by the chancellor, Kumble R. Subbaswamy, are being used as teaching tools.
In one instance involving Aldwickbury School educates boys ages 4 to 13.
One student in the video reassured viewers that you're not the only one who is going through' high levels of stress.
Some of loans were made by New York University itself.
Some of its curriculum is borrowed from the college itself.
Some are set on the path to a four-year degree.
A large percentage of that category are people connected with the university.
About 200,000 continue their studies at foreign universities.
Most recently engaging Revolution Foods, a company dedicated to creating healthy meals for schools, as its primary food vendor.
Head Start teachers reported that more than a quarter of their students exhibited serious self-control-related negative behaviors.
At first, the school offered extra exam-prep courses outside the regular curriculum for a modest fee.
A rigorous liberal arts education, with an emphasis on reading carefully and writing clearly remains a tremendous asset.
Jon L. Erickson was an academic affairs specialist at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee.
Joel has long been a big supporter of education reform efforts.
Jonathan Fink is a president at Portland State University.
Jonathan Henry is vice president of enrollment management at Husson University.
Jonathan Supovitz is the director of the University of Pennsylvania’s Consortium for Policy Research in Education.
Jonathan graduated from Yale.
Jocelyn Perry is a senior in University of Pennsylvania.
Josh West is an associate professor of health sciences at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, who led the new study.
Joyce Szuflita is the founder of NYC School Help, which helps families find schools in Brooklyn.
There can be many obstacles, says Anthony Kelly, a professor of educational psychology at George Mason.
Aoyama Gakuin University is known for its fashionable student body.
Most of teenagers learn about sex through the Internet.
Teenagers tends to be more active when they are near their school or in the neighborhood around their home.
Teenagers spend 42 percent of their waking time at school and get about half their day’s physical activity done there.
Tsinghua is expected to help recruit Chinese students to the institute, providing an important global aspect. 
Please tell Coursera and Penn my story.
Consider the difference between an elite private university  and an elite public university.
Having other teachers watch his class and tell him how to improve and observing the classrooms of master teachers.
Ms. Jones-Khosla is planning to attend the China Education Expo this year for the first time.
Qiu Yong is the president of Tsinghua University.
Most of the countries with the best educational results used the same set of techniques to get there.
Last year, the SEED School’s foundation opened a Baltimore school, and plans to expand into other cities.
Last year, Utah Valley University granted 1,996 two-year associate’s degrees.
In November, Amplify began testing its tablet in hundreds of public schools nationwide.
At last January，the University of California host HackTech.
Ms. Aramandla graduated from N.Y.U. in May.
I met Xu Peng on Tsinghua's grassy campus last spring.
Last winter, a group of Avenues 4-year-olds ventured out.
Late last fall, the aging pumps that supplied water to the University of the Andes Hospital exploded. They were not repaired for months.
The University of New Hampshire football team held a bystander training session last fall.
Last summer Arne Duncan, the secretary of education, posted his endorsement of the idea on Twitter.
Colleges across the country have been grappling with concerns related to students transitioning from one gender to another.
Many students across the United States made similar estimates for their schools. 
700 four-year campuses offered continuing education programs in for older students to earn a bachelor's degree.
Faculty for the school will come from the University of Washington, Tsinghua.
The Global Innovation Exchange expects to attract a couple of other international universities as partners.
Parents in many parts of the world today will go hungry to pay for their children to learn to speak English.
A sharp drop in the number of full-time undergraduate entrants from other European Union countries.
John Mackey of Whole Foods studied at the University of Texas, never finishing.
Only one child of 200 students on the campus said he or she had never been beaten by a parent. 
However. David Ejim-McCubbin, 23, said that he went from a deprived district of London to Rugby School.
Still, the completion rate for older undergraduates lags that of their younger peers.
The Holocaust, however, is not a topic that students at local Chinese schools are likely to encounter in class.
When puberty’s chemical maelstrom began at about 10, though, Quintn got into fights at school.
Play is often perceived as immature behavior that doesn’t achieve anything.
What’s not necessarily growing is American educators’ ability to pronounce Chinese names. 
But if you visit the Facebook page for Parents Against Ontario Sex-Ed Curriculum.
However, she felt that teachers were hardly respected in the United States.
Still, in Quacquarelli Symonds’s overall World UniversityRankings released two weeks earlier, N.T.U. came in just 39th.
But non-Canadians are already crowding out local students at some of the country’s best-known schools.
Still, the system strongly favors migrant children with highly educated and well-to-do parents.
There are many other unanswered pedagogical issues, too.
Yet dire financial straits from falling demand for their product will force two types of changes within the next five years.
Yet initially Mr. Lewis doubted that exclusive, expensive and traditional schools like Rugby.
However, Chinese schools and textbook publishers have so far kept the arithmetic structure.
Then, if they want to go further in their education, they can.
Then you find that their educational outcomes reflect their parents’ income, not their test scores.
She heard that the school board was about to make the day start even earlier.
Then students are asked to make a list of how they actually spent their time, on average, each day over the past week and match the two lists.
Internationalizing Canadian education promises a deep and lasting effect on the country.
They gain technical proficiency at a much faster pace.
To her intense frustration, her math score remained unimpressive.
Let’s celebrate the success of Asian-Americans, and emulate the respect for education and strong families.
Let’s look over the work together and make sure you understand this particular skill.
It makes schools safe, welcoming, fun places with recess and art and music and nutritious food.
Get the school to face up to what happened more than three decades ago.
Human life, human beings, individuals are at the center of our research and education. 
Anthropology teaches us to take the long and comparative view of situations that may seem obvious.
People had warned her that U.T. was hard.
People need to know that the lack of knowledge is really bringing youth down.
The economic benefits of having a college degree become better known.
People have concerns about quality.
people tend to live near others with similar educations and earnings.
In a state not generally regarded as a bastion of progressive thinking, there are all-gender restrooms at the University of Utah.
People are now more likely to marry people with similar educational attainment ― even after controlling for differences between men and women.
There were other options except college.
The teaching of the humanities has fallen on hard times.
The humanities often do a bad job of teaching the humanities.
Online courses can make high-quality education available to anyone for the price of an Internet connection.
Women accounted for 14 percent of the science and engineering students at Japanese universities.
In Japan public university are considered to be the best. 
Japan’s simultaneous embrace of nationalism and cosmopolitanism is generating ambiguous signals from its education policy makers.
Japanese corporations are very competitive and provide the best education for employees. 
Japanese corporations hire a large number of fresh graduates annually and train them into a productive workforce. 
Thomas Berger, a professor at Boston University and an expert on Japanese politics.
Japan’s best universities have churned out hundreds of poor-quality Ph.D.s.
Planned Parenthood in Yogyakarta has been providing sex education since 2008.
And the honors colleges are part of a public university.
Honors colleges have the kind of stratified, status-conscious dynamic at play in the hierarchy of private schools.
So if I played my cards right, I could borrow the quarter of a million dollars to finance her education at a private college.
If places like M.I.T. aren’t safe for people to be a little miscreant in their quest for truth and understanding.
If you include community-college students in the tabulation, the dropout rate is more than half.
Increasing the economic relevance of education should, if done properly, extend the educators ability.
Completion rates would not rise if colleges focused only on traditional undergraduates.
We will do our best to connect students who are interested in positions with mentors’ organizations that have positions to fill.
If a child’s attention wanders, a stern “eyes on teacher” prompt pops up.
30-Year-Old Has Earned $11 More Than He Would Have Without College Education.
If you were shut out of an elite school.
You compare college students with the same standardized-test scores who come from different family backgrounds.
If you don't want to give up the student life, you can just become a teacher. 
If your kid is dead set on it, you can splurge on it.
It can’t be done if you’re looking at people at that age on basically educational credentials.
There’s a huge opportunity if you can get kids excited about educational games.
An individual student will learn more if you can tailor the curriculum to match her learning style, pace and interests.
If you want to help low-income students succeed, it’s not enough to deal with their academic and financial obstacles.
How likely is it that you will get into medical school or law school or have some other opportunities if you choose the more prestigious college?
If you get a 95 on a test at school, that’s great.
If you sat down with a committee of professors, and told them students are not coming out with the skills they need, they would say, ‘you’re smoking something’.
He was haunted by the idea of a brilliant student ending up walking behind a mule and a plow because nobody knew how to find him.
Small programs with limited resources mean that students may have to stay more than four years to get all the courses . 
If a university should do something to students, it is to provide unrest.
If knowledge is power, we’re about to see an even greater concentration of power.
What are they going to do when their kid gets into their school of choice?
If he takes serious courses in the humanities and history.
How can colleges charge $50,000 a year if my kid can learn it all free from massive open online courses?
If students are going to skip homework, it’s far better to miss watching a video than to miss doing the problem sets.
If specialized education seems too limited or risky, there is another path to consider.
How can I use my time here at college to build on the answers to these tough questions?
Today, over 30% have degrees.
Today, most professional players skip or delay college.
Today, anywhere from 100,000 to 200,000 high school and college students in this country attend Model U.N. each year.
Now he enrolled in two graduate programs.
We now have more college graduates working in retail than soldiers in the U.S. Army.
Assessing the return on investment of colleges and majors has never been more important to the growth of our economy and the economic well-being of our graduates.
Today's emphasis on measuring college education in terms of future earnings and employability may strike some as philistine.
Now everyone at school knew about it.
Whether a student graduates or not seems to depend today almost entirely on just one factor ― how much money his or her parents make.
School advisers say more parents are apartment-hunting in neighborhoods.
Most of the growth has occurred at colleges with high dropout rates.
Most of the growth has occurred at colleges with relatively few resources.
Ryan Villanueva and Chan travel the world live-blogging at college-run conferences.
They met while competing, and now help high schools, universities and nonprofit organizations create Model U.N. systems.
Ryan is a Lawyer at Barnard College, Columbia University.
Zhao Jian, professor of rock mechanics and tunneling at the école Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, in Switzerlandalso worked on the N.T.U. study.
It would make it the first district in Indonesia to do so.
We can’t expect our citizens to meet the demands of the 21st-century economy and society without a 21st-century education.
Sutton Trust is a British charity dedicated to improving social mobility through education.
The saxophone was maybe for one or two years.
The InstaEDU tutor responded to Sarah's request for calculus help didn't know the material at all.
Samsara has a sexuality and reproductive health school.
Dr. Sexton enhanced N.Y.U.’s prestige.
Germany, Norway and Sweden where limited spots in medical schools have made the application process extremely competitive.
Semmelweis’s medical students generally do their sixth-year rotations in hospitals around Europe, often in the country in which they hope to work later.
Semmelweis is the only Budapest university that teaches medicine and dentistry in English and German.
Three years later they had graduation rates that were also above the U.T. average.
Three years ago, it became a flipped school.
Three decades ago, in a classic study, a team of researchers led by the Stanford professor Joanne Martin analyzed the stories people told about their workplaces.
Sandy Baum is a senior fellow at the George Washington University Graduate School of Education.
Sabah U. Randhawa is Oregon State’s provost.
Mr. Sullivan told the jury “It’s not. No degree is.”
Mr. Shayer said he was pleased with his own engineering education.
Sarah Rodeo will start at Vassar this fall.
Sarah Rodeo graduated this spring from the Hewitt School, on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Sara D. Adar is the lead author and an assistant professor of epidemiology at the University of Michigan.
College is not a prerequisite.
Attending college is no longer a necessity.
When I was in college, I had so many things in my head.
College matters greatly to future financial gain.
In college, Ms. Trump was featured prominently in the 2003 documentary "Born Rich".
When I was in college, I’d sometimes write a single paper that would satisfy assignments in more than one course. 
College is the clear step to economic success.
Is college worth it?
A prewar apartment building on the Upper East Side can feel like an Ivy League dormitory for 46-year-olds.
Last month, Brandeis University rescinded an invitation to Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Last month, the University of Hong Kong held a course, which is meant to prepare Asian women for the boardroom.
At their kitchen table after school last month, Dodi Sklar listened as her ninth-grade son, Jonathan.
Is the education system in Shanghai, really a paradigm of academic excellence and educational equity?
Shanghai has also implemented a point-based residency system.
The Shanghai government has done more than most to ensure all children get a good education
Shanghai has in a decade lifted some of its schools to the global heights in reading, science and math skills.
Shanghai allows migrants to apply for a residency permit based on their age, education, professional skills and employment status.
During the course, I had to keep pace with the class, which is unheard-of in specialed.
The sheets were filled with information about colleges.
In the 1970s, he worked at the National Institute of Education, followed by a stint at the Carnegie Corp.
None of these alternatives to a traditional university degree is 'the answer' to the higher education bubble.
Last week by a group of private schools decided to move away from the test, commonly known as the E.R.B.
Asian-American organizations last week voiced their frustration in gaining access to elite colleges.
Last weekend, an N.Y.U. professor learned that.
Social-emotional learning programs often rely on strategies from conventional therapy.
Community colleges just don’t have the money to expand.
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill had a record number of students vying for its next freshman class, 31,321.
About a quarter of applicants for last year's freshman class submitted ACT as well as SAT scores.
Ever smaller percentages of applicants admitted to the best schools.
Shruthi Aramandla’s education and her job are geared to New York City’s skyline.
We still need more research on what works, but standing still is not an option.
What It Takes to Make New College Graduates Employable
The squeeze has prompted a hunt for efficiencies. 
The reputation only tells you about the past.
San Jose State used the online lectures and interactive exercises of M.I.T.’s introductory online Circuits and Electronics course.
Erik Trinkaus, a paleoanthropologist at Washington University in St. Louis, who is an authority on Neanderthals.
Mr. Schleicher, pointing out that performances have changed over the past three years without significant changes in culture.
Mr. Schleicher, pointing out that performances have changed over the past three years.
Ms. Schwartz details how essential it is for teachers and families to be partners.
Adozen third graders burst into the Mac Lab on the ground floor of Washington-McKinley School.
Just a decade ago, when Megan Fox's twin siblings were getting ready for college, they considered only the SAT.
100 Thousand Strong Foundation is a nonprofit whose aim is to support Obama's efforts to encourage American students to study in China.
The Stonewall Center is an L.G.B.T. resource group at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
With so much oil and gas money in their country, many Qataris believe they don’t need education to be prosperous.
President Obama is trying ― finally ― in his 2017 budget to remove all federal funding for abstinence education.
Instead, the university was a fake school.
In reality, many schools do not teach sex education.
In fact several scholars have concluded that what students need is more academic competition, but modeled on the kinds children enjoy.
Pity those who can’t tell the difference. In fact, this area is the Cambridge of inflated school names
Instead, the university was a fake, set up by the Homeland Security Department in 2012
You actually made the transition from university to the working world.
The actual students speak English well enough to read the English site, but it may be that their parents want to read the Chinese.
And at the end of the experiment, the students dutifully reported that they now had more self-control than when they started the program.
It is lab equipment, which most Chinese schools see as an unnecessary expense.
MS. STICKLAND learned about her school district’s partnership with inBloom earlier this year, while perusing an education blog.
Smith remaked herself through literature at Cambridge.
And it has pushed China's student population to 31 million.
Jon Bergmann, a former chemistry teacher who used flipped learning and now teaches others about it.
The more the world has become interconnected, the more sex education has come under attack.
The world questions how well China's education system serves its students.
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom.
No school seems to offer all expectation.
A few colleges, including Harvard and especially Amherst, have in fact significantly increased their ranks of low-income students.
The award for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series went to Aaron Paul for his role as the former student.
Trying to take very different systems of higher education and measure across them is a doomed effort.
In this experiment, college students were placed in a messy or a neat office.
Yes, college is worth it.
the bridge between home and the bigger world, the place that would help her be the first in her family to go to college.
That the colleges at the top have the most clout and impart the best skills?
Will it be entire schools or individual students who opt for a paper-and-pencil test?
The growing income inequality has coincided with the increasing importance of a college degree for earning a middle-class wage.
The cost in  International school depends on the child’s age.
International schools in the capital cost around 230,000 renminbi, or more than $37,000, for annual tuition alone.
The first 35 students received athletic scholarships under the school’s new e-sports program.
The inaugural class includes students from mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, many of them employees of museums, galleries and art magazines.
First, colleges will have to constrain costs. 
It is very important to capture their interests first through education.
The much-discussed cost of college doesn’t change this fact.
Students I talked to said that about 10 percent don’t - but they easily watch at school.
There is nothing incongruous about educated, ambitious women wanting to be wives and mothers.
Well educated people have become the most likely victims of online scams.
Those with less education felt regretful for their lack of education.
Due to the limitations in the curriculum, our effort now is to make sex education an extracurricular activity.
The slight, dark-haired boy promptly scooted his chair backward at high speed, crashing into the desk of the students behind him.
Hundreds more have contacted University of Vermont on how to implement the pronoun choice.
The data shows that of the fourth-grade teachers surveyed, 71 percent said they had grouped students by reading ability in 2009, up from 28 percent in 1998.
And when you looked at the data to see what happened to the kids who were put into precalculus or into nonmajors chemistry, they never stayed in the college.
America’s deep education problems, the data suggest, don’t magically disappear when students disappear behind ivy-covered walls.
The data is collected by the College Board.
Vast and varied schools can be seeded like football teams.
Digital is definitely the biggest news in the field of education. 
Math teachers get some really bad grades, but that doesn’t happen anymore.
Colleges of different selectivity include Penn and Penn State
Quality sleep directly affects learning because people store new facts during deep-sleep cycles.
Ultimately a person has within themselves some kind of capital, some kind of asset, like knowledge or confidence.
While talking, he gave the questioner a look I remember well from middle school.
At the for-profits, they’re making money on every person who comes there, are expanding.
On average, private colleges and top state universities are substantially more expensive than community colleges.
Private schools, private security forces, gated communities lead to disinvestment in public goods vital to the needy.
Private schools are facing a long-term decline in enrollment.
The for-profit colleges are being more expensive and having lower completion rates than other colleges.
The whole history of private involvement in public education has been one of extracting resources.
The private Lumina Foundation focuses on increasing success in higher education.
Stephen R. Kellert was a social ecologist at Yale.
Stephen Joel Trachtenberg is a former president of George Washington University.
Stephen M. Farmer is the vice provost in charge of undergraduate admissions at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Stephanie Jones is a Harvard psychologist.
Scott Forseen is a doctor who studies the treatment of back pain at the Georgia Health Sciences University.
Dr. Scott Small is the director of Columbia University’s Alzheimer’s Disease Research Center.
Dr. Slavin and his colleagues remade the program.
What Dr. Slavin saw at Irvington is a microcosm of a nationwide epidemic of school-related stress.
Sree Sreenivasan is the chief digital officer at Columbia University.
Ms. Stein is a graduate of Duke University.
The arithmetic was even more brutal at Stanford, Columbia, Yale.
Stanford was never like that.
Coursera, at Stanford has existed just a few months and now has 214 courses attracting 2.4 million students from 196 countries.
Caroline M. Hoxby of Stanford and Sarah E. Turner of the University of Virginia are the researchers.
Stanford’s trustees acted.
A sexual assault case at Stanford University has ignited public outrage. 
It posted to Twitter on Sunday by Michele Dauber, a law professor and sociologist at Stanford.
Stanford University accepted only 5 percent of applicants.
The Stanford mathematician Keith Devlin argues in his book “The Math Gene”.
A Stanford lab called PERTS has run them with 15,000 students at more than 100 middle and high schools and community colleges.
A memorial service on a Sunday evening at Stanford University was organized by his longtime event planner.
Stanford established an engineering school in the 1920s.
Mr. Stoller was an academic adviser at Oregon State University from 2007 to 2010.
Mr. Swartz viewed his making copies of academic papers as an unadulterated good, spreading knowledge.
Three quarters of students have gone on to top-tier colleges, 30 percent of them to the Ivy League.
The idea that four years of higher education will translate into a better job, higher earnings and a happier life
In four years we expect to attend his college graduation.
A four-year liberal arts education doesn’t prepare kids for work and it never has.
Scottish university degree programs last four years.
Scottish schools traditionally aimed for a greater breadth of knowledge.
Bill Maxwell is the chief executive of Education Scotland, the government agency charged with carrying out the Curriculum for Excellence.
Scottish schools focus on no tests before 16.
The Soviet union implemented relatively open sex education in the early days.
Sumarsono responded that there were already too many subjects in school.
Susan J. Schurman is dean of the Rutgers University School of Management and Labor Relations.
Soochow University opened its Vientiane branch last year.
Soochow University is mainland China’s first university campus abroad.
Model intellectual curiosity and a visceral pleasure in learning .
When you're really young I think it is important to know this kind of information.
While computer science can be an intimidating subject, Microsoft has sought to connect it to the technologies most students use in their everyday lives.
Despite the recent improvement, higher education experts emphasized that college completion rates were still distressingly low.
Though the issue is one of the most frequently studied by education scholars, there is little consensus about grouping’s effects.
College was an adjustment, although she expected the courses to be tougher.
While some students will be able to go to college only if they receive financial aid and others have the resources to go wherever they want.
Ask any small group of parents about transitional objects ― or blankies, or lovies ― and you’ll get a good story.
Then the campus tribunal held four nights of hearings at a 170-seat lecture hall that was open to the public.
In the following years, the University of California system expanded an already-robust set of programs.
As U.T. Austin has grown more popular over the last decade, the criterion for automatic admission has tightened.
A distinction is particular important as the teaching of cursive disappears in curriculum after curriculum.
As the makeup of Canadian society evolves and less educated segments of the mostly white work force feel pushed aside.
As the economic value of education increases, we will need to remember something.
Teachers becoming more comfortable using computers allows children to learn at different speeds.
Many universities cannot fill their capacity because youth population is declining.
As enrollments have surged,  so did the number of dormitories.
So schools would set a high tuition, then discount it.
So the local administrators turned the entire public-school curriculum into an intensive cram course.
So I thought it was a pretty decent school to apply to.
There is no reason this approach can't work in higher education.
All of them should be a central part of any school’s curriculum.
All the money spent on education reform had almost no impact on basic skills.
Everybody was just put together in a large room and different teachers worked with different students. 
Everybody ― administrators, admissions officers, faculty and students ― knows that the pressures of the resume race are out of control.
All efforts to carry out human sex knowledge education in schools have almost always ended in failure.
All of this is forcing families to consider new ways to navigate the city school system.
All bring previously earned college credit.
Any students who seek higher education must be familiar with the trappings of urban, middle-class life.
He provided free boarding places for teenagers recruited from disadvantaged communities.
He was laughed at by some of the other students.
He was accepted by all eight Ivy League colleges.
He is refused unequivocally by the school.
He said that insecurity was a main part of his sales pitch: that those students “would feel at a huge disadvantage,” he said.
He argued that teachers were too quick to give up on children who lagged behind.
He disliked previous assessments tied to the teaching of exclusive New England prep schools.
He added that the school takes child protection extremely seriously.
He took an online modern poetry class from Penn.
He has publicly defended high salaries for professors and university executives. 
We were discussing his frequently stated view that education is “ripe for disruption”.
He is a former public-school teacher in Detroit.
He is a Microsoft engineer with a master’s degree in education in Harvard.
He calls it the opposite of “chalk and talk.”
He led what Oxford described as the largest fund-raising campaign in European university history.
Out of the blue, he was offered a free place at an expensive private school.
He is a college dropout who is usually broke.
He was a graduate student at Montana State University.
His high school is Bellarmine College Preparatory in San Jose, Calif.
He was swamped with lingering commitments from Stanford and scrambling to stay on top of the classes he was teaching for the first time.
His organization compiles a list of hundreds of colleges that are test-optional.
There was a pastoral element to his approach.
The family income dropped when his mother stopped working to devote herself to his education.
Most of his friends had chosen British or U.S. universities.
His wife is an N.Y.U. law professor.  
He did point to a passage from a brief filed by the University of North Carolina in the Fisher case. 
His projects include a range of influential efforts like the Internet Archive, Creative Commons, Wikipedia.
His school offered no A.P.
His nephews began talking about college.
It found that some students who were accepted to elite schools attended less selective schools.
He told me that he only knew that the school was very strict.
He gives highest praise to the honors colleges and programs.
He added that what he saw in footage of the confrontation at Middlebury was the verdict of a modern heretic judge.
He also started a company that designs software for teachers.
Together with a group of other D.school students, he built a prototype for a fat straw that would let patrons have their ramen and drink it, too.
He is taking classes with traditional undergraduates.
He is planning to take the model to Baltimore and Cleveland, two cities with ailing public schools, and to Harlem.
He is instead making plans to return home to China and his undergraduate institution, Peking University.
He was entered into a research study at the Early Emotional Development Program at Washington University Medical School in St. Louis.
He assumes that most U.L.N. students understand on some level that they were chosen in part because of their financial need.
He suggested that colleges should become more creative in persuading them to apply.
He suggested that rather than offering prekindergarten to all 4-year-olds, New York should focus its efforts on low-income children.
He will be leading a university with aggressive expansion plans, both internationally and in New York.
He has lauded emotional literacy as the missing piece in American education.
He will teach the monthlong elective course in December.
He’ll be taking classes at its honors college.
He received an honorary degree.
He explained how technology could help transform not only their classrooms but also their profession.
He was talking about the curriculum and games.
And much of their training, he added, might be feasible outside the college setting.
for those who might not apply what they learned directly to their chosen work.
He lampooned it instead in one of his letters to The New-England Courant under the pseudonym Silence Dogood.
He declined to comment on any particular school’s efforts.
Nelson turned down Harvard, Yale, Princeton and the rest of universities.
He developed a social-emotional curriculum known as Paths.
He presents himself at school.
He is in the absence of an apology from the school.
They install two dozen computers and high-speed satellite Internet access, hire a local teacher as a facilitator.
They focus their energy on consuming existing scientific knowledge. 
They are presenting Shanghai in the best possible light as a paragon of educational equity.
They bring their talents and skills to research and teaching.
Unless they pass those classes, they can’t graduate.
They went on to earn just as much money as their elite counterparts.
They have disparaged classmates who already got in.
They hadn’t put as much effort into considering what the 40 short minutes that students actually have for lunch are like.
They train round the clock for China's national college-entrance examination, known as the gaokao.
They are not just learning from the faculty, they are learning from their peers.
They are not just public school students.
They don't want to make the sexual identity the focus of a college application essay.
They put little value on the school’s international exposure and outlook.
They took steps to further diversify their student bodies.
They were using experimental methods to delve into the experience of students from early childhood all the way through college.
They wore expensive and exquisite outfits to school drop-off and looked a decade younger than they were.
They never apply to selective schools, as though those colleges and the students were invisible to each other.
They send each group a different exercise from the teacher’s tablet.
They buy food from the school vending machines.
They were emotionally supported in college.
They're worried about ceding control of curriculum or admissions.
Their service is as the connective tissue between teachers and these technologies, which would be developed by software vendors.
Their education alienates them from one another, from the world in which they live, and ultimately from themselves. 
They are highly educated, more so even than the average American.
They arrived at their conclusion by studying a well-off university.
Their solution was what they describe as a 'crowdsourced' educational forum.
Their daughter, Katie, started looking at boarding schools.
Their Pilates class runs about $77 a week together.
Their peers see going to college be the singular focus.
Their classmates shudder with envy. 
this school is in Beppu which is in Kyuushuu Japan and I wish you the best of luck.
What are their schools like?
They share a belief in using the Internet to provide easy, open access to the world’s knowledge.
They went to a variety of colleges.
They mandate oversight of employers and make sure that the students come from accredited universities in an effort to prevent fraud.
They told her: “My child is not doing well in school. 
They made a survey of college students in Britain.
There was no appetite for the more selective, competitive and test-driven approach being promoted by Mr. Gove in England.
They have observed that, students were tackling more complex problems than they would even at the end of a yearlong class within a few weeks.
They found that the later a school's start time, the better off the students were in many measures.
They said they felt unprepared to work with this growing group of students and 90 percent said they wanted more training.
They are less likely to enroll in college after high school and less likely to graduate from college after enrolling.
They are graduating from high school underprepared for college math.
They owe the university $5.7 million altogether.
Their purchase of a college education should be automatically redeemable for a job.
They are fear of a confrontation with a confused classmate.
They will take language and other cultural classes.
They will consider other public universities.
They will consider U.T.-Chattanooga.
They examined how they were doing in school.
They’d do well to consider the honors colleges at Alabama.
They will petition the board to re-evaluate the university’s holdings in energy companies.
They consider their school e-mail accounts is irrelevant. 
They assume that 10 percent of non-college-educated men of prime working age suddenly obtained a college degree or higher.
They insist their children go to colleges and have jobs.
They spent less time indoors at home and more time in the vicinity of the home and school.
They built up portfolios of student housing and created the scale the market lacked to make it attractive for institutional investors.
They would be automatically admitted to the campus of their choice in the U.T. system.
They benchmark the U.S. against some of the best performing and rapidly improving education systems.
They brought their former law schools to trial for counting their graduates’ post-degree jobs such as waitresses as full-time legal employment.
They put some schools on special measures.
They feel jobs are hard to come by and companies are only going to look to hire at the elite universities.
They get into university.
They get to a good college and encounter what should be a minor obstacle, and they freak out.
Especially they consider how many students are now using government-backed loans to pay for their education.
They have pondered whether to go college.
They can leave children less prepared for school and work, which leads to lower earnings.
They are may already have a higher education and a job.
They can bring them and their families other vaccines, clean water and education.
They can hire and screen people based on education even for positions that do not require higher skills.
They could expect to start college-level work immediately.
They practiced a stripped-down, less cartoonish version of the game
And they only get two weekends away per trimester.
who recruited foreign students, mainly from China and India, to an institution that they knew would not have real classes
They knew to the schools above would not have real classes.
They force the schools to confront allegations.
They almost certainly are discouraging some teenagers from going to college and some adults from going back to earn degrees.
They tend to work at the university.
They are going for a voluntary after-school class.
They are camped out in and around a 6,000-square-foot ballroom in Stanford’s alumni center. 
They don’t get quite the attention from college applicants.
They were placing them in AP classes, in the honors track.
They place their children in private international schools in China or sending them abroad for an education.
They believe SATs and other college entrance exams like the ACT will help them.
They would steer some students toward intensive, short-term vocational and career training, through expanded high school programs and corporate apprenticeships.
They argue that rising educational levels will help the economy in the long run.
They consider a top-down management style more fit for a corporation than a university. 
They think teaching is rewarding and worthwhile.
They argue that such schools impede mobility.
They attended the richest school in the world.
And they were less likely to have attended for-profits.
They are applying to universities in the United Arab Emirates.
They can even bribe their way into the best city schools.
They argue that it misses the whole point of early-childhood education.
They are university festival organizers. 
They’re at U.T. or in community college or in ninth grade.
They are prescribing stimulants to struggling students in schools who  are starved of extra money.
They attended schools with much higher percentages of fellow students receiving FARM assistance.
They are trustees of prestigious private schools.
They were young at the time, they said, and they had reverted to parenting practices they saw in Taiwan. 
They randomly assigned a group of college-age students to spend time in adjacent office spaces.
They offered to help him stay in the course.
They are often a significant source of income for universities.
Are they prepared to do university-level work?
They make other sacrifices for children’s education, such as giving prime space in the home to kids to study.
They will learn knowledge in their future.
They questioned him about the lack of sex education in their schools.
They are hoping to get more revenue from those who can afford it.
They wish she and her fellow students would use e-mail.
They want him to earn a college degree.
They want schools to do more for children from disadvantaged backgrounds to justify the tax breaks they receive.
They want to go back to school.
They wanted to know how students are recruited, how fake universities work and what happens after the students are enrolled.
They have insulted the college’s judgment or taste.
They need the flexibility to work remotely.
They pick the easiest classes.
They will continue three years of their education on the main campus
They undergo what he calls a “village curriculum”.
They meet with staff members at the school’s College Café to talk about college applications.
They should acquire specific knowledge.
They lobby for looser immigration rules to accommodate more foreign engineers and sponsor technology competitions to increase student's interest in the industry. 
Some of them don’t make the cut at private schools with plunging acceptance rates.
They are against the performance of those who attended schools with largely minority populations and much higher poverty rates.
They were far from employment opportunities and with equally bad schools often the same schools.
They say they suffered as boys at expensive private schools.
They have another A-level test before going to a university.
This summer I’ve also been pleased that they have learned much while using their tablets.
They worked in the foreign embassies or taught at universities.
They enjoyed math in school.
They had been in college for a period of time.
They don’t trust the schools to do that.
In results released Wednesday they found that the later a school’s start time, the better off the students were on many measures.
They represented 43 percent of college students over all, excluding medical and agricultural schools.
They enrolled 48 University of California undergraduates.
It argues that much of what has been achieved is down to the way school systems are run.
They support young people's choices beyond college.
They knew of any other comprehensive retirement courses.
They alleged discrimination by the admissions offices of Harvard University and other Ivy League institutions. 
A lot of the ones could do very well on the test and go to top colleges.
They focus on universities as research institutions, using metrics such as the number of Nobel Prize winners on staff and journal articles published.
They focused on work experience and practical know - how, social and communication skills, motivation and willingness to learn.
They’re off practicing to reinforce what you just taught them.
They often take similar jobs in the end, including in finance, education and social work.
He is a psychologist now at Florida State University.
He is now redoing his video lessons.
Could he create an intervention not for just a few hundred students, but for every incoming U.T. freshman?
He expected British universities to retain their allure.
His hopes of a good college would be gone.
He had not decided whether to charge out-of-state online students the full $28,000 tuition they would pay on campus or not.
He applied to Carnegie Mellon.
He applied to a variety of schools in the state.
He periodically sneaked a peak at his instructor, a look of abject boredom on his freckled face.
He tries to get a clearer understanding of which messages would work best at U.T.
He is a co-author of College Majors Handbook With Real Career Paths and Payoffs.
He is the author of the 2012 best seller “The Righteous Mind” and a professor at New York University. 
He is a Penn State University psychologist.
He is a professor of psychiatry and human molecular genetics at Virginia Commonwealth University.
He is a sociology professor at Fordham University and an expert on urban demography.
He is the head of the entomology department in the College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences at the University of California, Davis.
He is an associate professor at the university’s School of Civil and Environmental Engineering.
He is an emeritus professor of computer science at the University of Nevada.
He is an assistant professor of psychology and education at the University of Pittsburgh.
He was among the first blind people to take the “gaokao,” or nationwide university entrance examinations.
He is one of the speakers at the University of Hong Kong program.
He is one of the school’s cross-country coaches.
He is a top player on the school’s competitive video game team.
He was the provost of Yale.
He is an assistant professor who is emerging as one of the world’s leading experts on the psychology of education.
He had practiced on an electronic version.
He represented the former Aldwickbury student.
He is a student at the University of Chicago Lab School.
He is a professor of economics at the University of Chicago and the project director for a final assessment of the M.T.O. program.
He figured out college, then he figured out chemistry, then he got really good at both.
He has 30 to 40 more cases pending against schools across the country.
He lived in the village when he first moved to Beijing to attend Central Academy of Fine Arts as an undergraduate.
Universities, he says, have been absorbed into the commercial ethos.
He faced heated opposition from some people in schools of education, he said, but he prevailed.
He was drawn to the cram school because, as he puts it, he wanted a cruel place.
“Most programs claim to be evidence-based.” he said.
He said the teacher molested him regularly during English lessons over a period of two years.
He then led me to the classroom of Jennifer Garcia, who teaches second grade.
He wants private enterprises vying to make money by providing innovative educational products and services.
He had been courted by other universities.
He is the current chief executive of Amplify, News Corporation’s fledgling education division.
His official mission now is to improve U.T.’s four-year graduation rate.
He is currently the first year resident of the Stanford University Hospital Clinic.
Where would he like to go to college?
He responded to Mr. Durbin by telling him about Mr. Chen and the multimillion-dollar package he was offered by Peking University.
He invited them all to apply to a new program.
He invited Dr. Marley, who is now at the University of Illinois, to take part in the study.
He is waiting until next fall to start college.
He requested that the pilot program take place at his school.
He holds an M.B.A. and a J.D. from the University of North Carolina.
He became president of Purdue University in January 2013.
Mr. Iribe decided to make his donation, the largest in the university’s history, after attending its hackathon.
He lost a cousin to metastatic lung cancer during his freshman year.
He enrolled in an online master’s in leadership at Northeastern.
He earned degrees from France's elite école Polytechnique and from Insead business school.
He started taking college classes while in high school.
He enrolled in a dual-degree executive M.B.A. program from Cornell University and Queen’s University in Canada.
He attended the University of Washington for a year.
He told the school’s faculty at a meeting just before the fall semester began.
He told a crowd of educators at a conference last June.
He earned a law degree at the University of Ottawa.
He directs the eating-disorders clinic at the University of Chicago.
He said that there was open hostility to the idea of business-oriented education at Yale.
He knew he wanted to study abroad.
He was referring to the average score of eighth graders.
He noted N.Y.U.’s nonprofit status generally exempts it from income and property taxes.
He settled at the University of Colorado Medical School, where he was the head of the preventive medicine department for many years. 
Its 2013 first-year enrollment was 17% lower than in 2009. 
It gradually filters out the most disadvantaged children, accentuating Shanghai’s education status as “the cream of China”.
It helps students who forgo college to pursue their own start-ups.
It includes Schreyer Honors College at Penn State.
It includes the honors program at the University of Kansas.
It includes curriculum and co-curriculum alike.
It included rising inequality, a plateau in education levels, an aging population and more.
It includes the Barrett Honors College at Arizona State University.
It was bought by Pearson Education, the world’s largest provider of educational assessment tools.
It can neither explain nor justify the phenomenon that students in China, Korea or India descent is so much less likely to be admitted than white students.
It is not intended to hew too closely to the realm of Harry Potter.
It isn’t the fruit of any specific course of study.
It had "no jurisdiction over the content of education ― or over national language policy".
It failed to foreground the curriculum and learning.
It looked not only at graduates after college.
It is not typically a skill taught in school.
This isn’t the kind of educational pathway that encourages much smelling of the roses.
Imbued with a lofty sense of pure theory and mathematics, it was not focused on practical business education.
It grew from an impoverished school of 800 students to this huge scale today.
At the time, it, too, was considered the height of progressive education.
It was built humbly as a temporary school for students escaping wars.
It's taught by lecturers from the HongKong University’s faculty of business and economics, plus industry leaders.
Its format aims to measure advanced thinking skills and not knowledge of facts and figures.
Its exacting entry test requires years of cramming to pass and can defeat even the most erudite.
It had impacts on the children who were too young to have enrolled in school at baseline.
It is an obstacle to the college hopes of many students.
It found that desire for lots of money has increased markedly since the mid-1970s,while willingness to work hard to earn it has decreased.
It encourages them to work together and prioritise investment in teacher quality.
It encourages them to work together and prioritise investment in teacher quality, not classroom sizes.
It can be hard on Asian-American kids whose comparative advantage isn’t in science or math but in theater or punk rock.
It can't be an almighty curriculum.
It would spearhead News Corporation’s new venture into the public school market.
It will outpace the ability of social and education systems to adjust.
It split it into chunks that students can take throughout their lives.
It will make her the latest in the long line of presidential children to attend the elite university in Cambridge, Mass.
It explains why a state university honors college or program might be the smartest of all options for some students.
It warns that including students in migration figures would be detrimental to universities.
It is about 10 miles from the University of Washington’s main campus.
It might teach you about reproduction.
It is perhaps the first-ever pop-up education center at a New York museum.
It may not offer all the advantages of a liberal arts education.
It might start by giving schools credit for leaner administration.
It could offer a plausible path to young men and women.
It can eliminate the edge gained through test preparation courses.
It is to be used for class work, homework, educational games.
It expanded to campuses around the world.
It is a part of the City University of New York with an annual tuition of $5,730, and a view of the Long Island Expressway.
It is ahead of flagship state universities, ahead of elite liberal arts colleges, even ahead of all eight Ivy League universities.
It doesn’t have talking paintings or classes in wand-waving.
It has not had enough money to increase capacity.
They are blamed for an array of problems, from high college-failure and dropout rates to low female participation in math, engineering and science jobs.
They are often strangled by tenure rules, spoiled by subsides from government and rich alumni.
They are closer to a college philosophy seminar than to a junior-high civics class.
They actively recruit from community colleges.
They will contribute to the feedback students and teachers get from their devices.
They can find students, screen them for quality, direct them to Western schools they might not have heard of.
They weren't using a formal program.
They were wrote the colleges' admissions standards, graduation rates and financial aid policies.
Whether they can make a difference in helping their lowest-performing schools succeed.
They offered recruitment services or college preparatory boot camps.
They arrived on campuses already.
It is rapidly and radically transforming how knowledge and information are generated, disseminated and collaborated on to create value.
The higher educational collaboration between them facilitates the scientific and technological progress and social development around the world.
It aimed at juniors, seniors and recent graduates in a nonbusiness degree of study.
It is a portrayal of post-collegiate life in New York.
It turns around failing schools.
It lets the teacher move into the role of a mentor who meets each student where she is.
It allows school groups to visit at no cost to students or schools.
It upheld a University of Michigan affirmative action plan.
It got all these kids to graduate from high school, which turned out to be really good for workers later on.
It is according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' higher education tuition-fee index.
It is a partnership between the University of Washington and one of China’s leading research universities, Tsinghua University. 
It is a supercomputer at the University of Tennessee.
And it’s a public university’s honors college.
It’s the sort of thing that needs to be practiced.
It is the second-oldest university in the English-speaking world after the University of Oxford.
It offers undergraduate, graduate and other advanced courses in engineering, architecture and design.
It provides the curriculum and employs the professors.
It tends to be dedicated to improving teaching.
It provides immediate feedback to the student and to the teacher.
It provids learners with a bite-size chunk of knowledge and an immediate motivation to acquire it.
It now has an online system to monitor how teachers use the program.
It is limiting a family's ability to finance a degree.
It is providing universities and employers with detailed information.
It asked top college-admission officers what was lacking in New York City applicants.
It announced that the school would be closed until March 18 for spring break.
The program requires Harvard undergraduates to take courses devised.
It is also helped by an N.Y.U. loan. 
It has moved toward measuring whether high school students have learned what they should.
It covers 25 percent of students.
It has become a staple of high school curriculums.
It has reserved 100 internship slots for its graduates.
That meant to teach children the skills they need to be successful in college and careers ― skills like critical thinking and deep analysis.
Members of minorities should be able to feel a part of campus, not feel mocked in their own community.
It gave priority to those who had high levels of skills and high levels of education. 
It is advised by some of the country’s most esteemed progressive-education scholars.
It has a massive open online course.
It resembles a real, dynamic, teaching experience.
It connects to a belief in the importance of education for upward mobility.
It gained university status in 2005
It had no consistent detectable impacts on adult economic self-sufficiency or children’s educational achievement outcomes.
It is doing so to give the world a better perception of its education system.
It is working with World Education Services, another nonprofit group that researches international student issues.
It’s starting to gear up because it’s being clamored for by the educators.
It’s a reality check for a society gone nuts over the whole overheated process.
It aims to help students build big-picture knowledge of the world around them.
It aims at developing early college high schools.
It aimed to spread the concept among schools and policy makers.
It is for women beyond traditional college age who sought an undergraduate degree.
She did her undergraduate work at a historically black college.
She has to keep trying until she demonstrates she fully understands.
She would not deliver the address at Rutgers University.
She founded the school’s Thirty Million Words project.
Anna Alaburda said that the Thomas Jefferson School of Law enticed her to enroll by using misleading graduate employment figures.
She was working through the middle of the speech.
Her scores rose a bit more with a third taking.
Her parents did not go to college.
Her teachers spend about 70 percent of each week teaching and 30 percent developing teaching skills and lesson planning.
Her daughter, Marisa, now attending college in Manhattan, plans to return.
Her school is building a lab for engineering students to experiment with virtual reality hardware and software.
She has her apply her acumen to the task of rebuilding one of the great public university systems ravaged by decades of eroding state support.
She was tight-lipped about her daughters’ results.
She told me that her anxiety about whether she belonged at U.T. was with her every time she stepped into a classroom.
She never took a Thomas Edison course.
After 15 years, she added, that learning is “obsolete.”
She also warned educators to be wary of using subjective data points to stratify or channel children.
She and Paul both took positions at Stanford, and they bought a fix-up ranch house in Los Altos Hills and spent weekends at Home Depot.
She has called on educators to refocus their efforts on making high school coursework more challenging.
She wondered whether Jeffco officials had investigated the ramifications of storing and sharing student data with education technology vendors.
She had received her B.A.
She is finishing up at a community college.
She suggests that schools have “grief and loss” inventories for students who have gone through a crisis.
She would make her way through the nursing program at U.T., then get a master’s in anesthesiology.
She found it difficult to connect with her classmates and teachers.
She dutifully worked with parents to implement many of their ideas, including more education about nutrition, and more snack time.
She relied on the bogus data to choose to attend the school.
She taught a course on Shakespeare’s tragedies.
She takes a position at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, where she teaches math to art students, lectures widely.
No plunging neckline, no huge hoop earrings, which are violations of the dress code.
She tries to chat either by phone or online with the parents of each student two or three times a week to keep them abreast of their child’s progress.
She receives inquiries every week from universities looking to mimic the D.school curriculum.
The ledge outside her front door is home to a little stuffed bear, dressed in University of Michigan regalia, a hopeful sentry.
Among the factors they found contributing to such educational success were the high educational levels of parents.
They had just helped start an African-American nursing association at U.T.
The women, who call their group the Safar Community Council, immediately bonded: no one understood the lives they all were living better than they did.
She recently left a tenured professorship at the University of Sheffield in Britain.
She drove to her daughter's school instead.
Qiu Dong tried an international school, a bilingual school and, now, a Chinese one for her two sons.
She asked them to finish the sentence “I wish my teacher knew.”
She believes that University of Vermont’s changes are nothing less than lifesaving.
She is hopeful that in the next few years, the university can invite more women to speak.
She attended private school and had a working mother and few friends in her neighborhood.
She liked school from the very first day.  
She convinced that researchers across the system can help the state cut down on fuel costs and the system's environmental impact.
She is an expert on a college mental health website.
She teaches a class on personal finance.
She was an only child, attended private school.
She is a professor of applied family studies at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
She got into a few that are plenty excellent.
Her son, she said, did well in school.
She said schools are trying to teach their students to run their own firms。
She said that parents asked if they could keep getting reports on their number of words even after the study finished.
She took part in a cooperation project between an agency of China’s Education Ministry and the College Board.
She alerts hundreds of students about the school board meeting.
She remembered suddenly, thinking back to her college sweetheart.
She expected the teacher to put an end to the teasing.
She drilled 22 eighth graders on how to count from one to 100 in Chinese and then explained some Chinese holidays.
She was confident the city could hire enough teachers and find space to open thousands of seats by September.
Her motivation for pursing a degree was simple.
She wanted to attend the University of Texas at Austin, the most prestigious public university in the state.
She assisted students in getting school policy amended.
She had chosen to attend N.Y.U. in Abu Dhabi.
She has studied a number of social-emotional learning programs.
He speaked on condition of anonymity to avoid drawing attention at her school.
She was also confident that she was finally where she was meant to be.
She is constantly explaining the way California's economic success depends University of California.
She would be the one to reach the prize that had slipped away from her mother: a four-year college degree.
She came to realize that a top college might offer her enough financial aid to make it less expensive than a state university in Texas.
She first assumed that faraway colleges would be too expensive.
The abstinence-only curriculum in her middle and high schools had taught her little more than “don’t”.
She studied for a master's degree in social work.
She said at her lab at Columbia.
She spoke with Ms. Napolitano at the University of California, Los Angeles.
She had volunteered in a French-immersion prekindergarten class.
She holds a diploma in economics from a university in her native Romania.
She walked into the faculty club at the University of California, Santa Barbara, one recent evening.
She was in the process of applying to colleges.
She lived in a populous university town.
She plans to study English and history at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow.
A Tufts University psychologist went into a New Haven preschool decades ago.
Tuck has a nondegree certificate Business Bridge program.
Tucker is one of the grand old men of education policy.
The education system of Taiwan has been a common target of blame.
Taiwan grade school and middle school have long focused on preparing students for the rigorous high school exam.
The crowd is made up largely of high school and college women.
With the price of some private boarding schools like Tabor topped $50,000 a year.
Tagore also lived in an intellectual milieu that was almost entirely dominated by Western institutions and individuals.
Tom Mortenson is a higher education policy analyst with Postsecondary Education Opportunity, a newsletter.
Donald E. Heller is the dean of the College of Education at Michigan State University.
Donald Lynam is a psychologist at Purdue University.
if her school, Mount Vernon High School, had a better vocational education alternative.
Even though 40 percent of her students are children of poorly educated migrant workers.
In particular, people at some test preparation schools were accused of acquiring and sharing test questions in advance.
Trump University was not a university.
Mr. Trump used phrases like “adjunct professor” and “business school” in his promotional video.
Increasing the educational attainment of men without a college degree will increase their average earnings.
P.E. and health were considered to be important in school.
The survey found that the campus, which is in western Singapore, offers opportunities for underground space development. 
The surveys also found many teachers said that technology could be a useful educational tool.
The surveys included multiple items that assessed knowledge about art.
The schools generally ask those students to send word.
In general, fewer than 10 percent completed the online course.
The usual approach to self-control in early-childhood education, a brief intervention here or there, wouldn’t work.
The well-off unibersity began meeting students’ financial needs through a combination of work-study money and grants, and dispensing with loans altogether.
Shen Jun, Qiangwei’s principal, who has overseen its transformation in a decade from a low-performing to a high-performing school.
That can enrich people's expeience through programs in schools.
To visit Chinese village schools with the leaders of Teach for All.
There were significant improvements in some European school systems over the same period.
His classmates recited stories in English about dogs and elephants.
Her classmates teased her mercilessly.
Likewise, a focus on education also helps explain the success of Jews.
Steven Strogatz is a professor of applied mathematics at Cornell University who also writes popular books.
A formidable drive is underway by the same conservatives to globalize Japan’s inward-looking education system.
Women in the same category have fared worse.
Childhood should be a time of freedom and play, not building a resume for college.
The Arab Spring is a prime example of students learning from the crisis-based decision-making that takes place in the real world today.
The team has six teachers, including a head teacher and five subject teachers.
The bottom line is revenue,what drives univerisity.
Most Thomas Edison State College students arrive with some credits, at times earned many years earlier.
Thomas Edison’s graduating class last fall was a third bigger than the class five years earlier.
Thomas Edison State College is New Jersey’s second-largest public college.
Valerie Purdie-Vaughns is an assistant professor of psychology at Columbia.
Ms. Wani also teaches creative writing at a university.
Mrs. Vassiliou has broad responsibilities over education, culture, multilingualism, youth and sports.
Biased history textbooks and education are among the causes of a deep-grained hostility.
A foreign university student is one who had not previously earned a secondary degree in the country.
Foreign medical students pay less than $20,000 a year in tuition and students from European Union countries can often get scholarships or student loans.
Migrants do not enjoy the same access to Shanghai’s schools and hospitals as local residents.
Toshio Maruyama is the executive vice president for education and international affairs at the Tokyo Institute of Technology.
Chinese schools in Vientiane are gaining popularity.
Wang Jiexian is vice president of Soochow’s Vientiane campus.
Online, there’s no visa problem.
Tthe catch-as-catch-can approach to enlisting a tutor may not be best for struggling students who need sustained help.
a list of business-oriented degrees offered and a promise of “an exceptional educational experience.”
The website lists a series of business-oriented degrees.
Tutoring sites provide trained, qualified tutors, conduct background checks and safeguard users' security.
Previous years it was usually claimed by Harvard.
William R. Fitzsimmons is the Harvard’s dean of admissions.
William R. Fitzsimmons is the Harvard's dean of admissions and financial aid.
William Pelham is the chairman of Florida International’s psychology department.
William James was the most prominent Harvard psychology professor then.
Ms. Williams took a workshop from the sex educator Betty Dodson.
A spokesman for the University of Wisconsin declined to comment.
The threat spurred the College Board introduced with fanfare the "New SAT".
Wade has a gentle charisma well suited to his role as a teacher of small children.
She encourages team C, her highest-achieving group, to write more complex sentences, perhaps using two new vocabulary words in the same sentence.
Assistance for vacation properties are all but unheard-of in higher education.
To build a school, Vantage College, for international students.
To prevent disappointment ― or to force the students who want to be bakers to go to work on Wall Street to pay back their loans.
Exeter was actively searching for smaller, growing markets like India or countries in sub-Saharan Africa to reduce the heavy reliance on Chinese students.
To reach those children, educators say they need to focus their efforts on the home.
To find out this problem, researchers at the University of Minnesota conducted a series of experiments.
To protest undergraduate tuition fees, the university’s student union refused to attend administrative meetings.
In order to meet the demands of a global economy, our educational system needs to be re-engineered for much higher performance.
To meet the demand, the D.school is adding full courses and so-called pop-up classes, which focus on a more narrow problem.
Fostering an education-first ethos, collegiate hackathons encourage students to tinker with new software and hardware. 
In the long term, the university may need to go underground to accommodate projected increases in the student population.
To increase motivation, the study in Chicago Heights offers third graders a chance to win a $10 prepaid Visa card each week.
To draw students from outside Hungary, Semmelweis started teaching classes in German in the early 1980s.
To lure unsuspecting recruiters, it was listed as state-licensed and certified by the Homeland Security Department.
Students and families are taking on significant debt in order to get the skills needed to access a career in a struggling economy. 
As those institutions, intent on increasing the number of applications they receive and on snagging as many valedictorians.
Some students who would rather not take the drugs would be compelled to join them because of the competition over class rank and colleges’ interest.
Jilly Dos Santos really did try to get to school on time.
To get the most out of educational technology, teachers must combine those traditional classroom skills with new ones.
It pairs the New York City public school system and the City University of New York with I.B.M..
Why has college entrance become so arduous?
Why is there a need for this program?
Why was he not top-ranked by the world’s premier public university, as Berkeley calls itself?
Students are tutored for those tests by the same instructors who work with some of Manhattan’s wealthiest teenagers.
Expertise, confidence and college admission may come around any passion.
The health department should differentiate between schools.
Should schools give children medicine without parental permission?
Lines of possible future inquiry is evidence-based evaluations of total-immersion school systems like the KIPP program.
It didn’t offer a look at regret among adults of varying backgrounds, education and experiences.
The Lumina Foundationan is an Indianapolis group that focuses on higher education.
Ivy Tech Community College is a statewide education system in Indiana.
The cultural deference to authority makes students less likely to challenge teachers with unconventional ideas.
The only guarantee of C.Q. is parents, educators and employers who encourage curiosity and don’t stamp out difference.
Liberal arts topics ranging from politics to sociology.
The problem is not just racists who use epithets but also administrators who seem to acquiesce.
My father did more of the formal teaching like lecture style.
I was supposed to find this major criterion holistically in the application.
I attended college in the early 1990s.
I would prefer a teacher who has like very high standards towards their students.
I have to be there as a support system as they are getting through that college push.
I really wouldn't say I hate something about teaching. 
I don't know if I could deal with another four years of school.
I am not presenting the information in class.
I’m not saying don’t get the B.A.
I'm not expecting people to be able to write a university dissertation after reading my book.
I was once a member of the school director recruitment committee. 
I was at a university for four years.
I called it school arithmetic.
I learned so much math from all the months of studying.
I never think education is a waste of time, but I think it's the opportunity cost.
I don’t recall ever filling out a professor evaluation.
I learned quite a lot from that program.
I’m going someplace else.
I’ve devoted a good part of my life to teaching at Yale.
My first job out of college was at Newsweek.
My concern is how Hong Kong educates and develops top-class artists.
My scores were about the same.
My teaching has changed over the decades. 
My alma matera was Duke University.
My Spanish speakers would use this noun they would always say, "Oh the people is very hungry" or "the people is very quiet." 
My students are university students.
My niece told me it would certainly be grounds for expulsion at her college.
I pledged that we would redouble our efforts to help those students whom the system has failed.
I give very much respect to teachers who actually care about their students and try to understand their students.
My father finally left China for college.
I forgot to mention that I also taught at business company classes. 
We were talking about his experience in Sewanee, specifically a low moment almost exactly 38 years earlier.
I remember getting back to Wesleyan after my summer at the bank and gushing to a teller, “I was a teller this summer, too!”
I hadn’t met his new teacher yet, so I sent her a heads-up by email.
I am committed, as they are, to ensuring that N.Y.U.’s trajectory of great success.
I was really enthusiastic in school by learning English.
I will talk to them about what the students are doing at school.
I'll give you time to practice.
I got a bachelor's degree in elementary education.
I think higher education is a good opportunity to inject a dose of idealism in students.
I think, for people my age, it’s such a stressful time in terms of school and college applications.
I thought it was nice that when the girl brought in her child, people were happy for her.
I teach college students, not middle schoolers.
I always heard about how Japanese students don't study hard in university.
I decided to look up my former classmates and professors.
I don’t want to give that lecture every year.
I can create interactive lessons and exciting content.
I’m sure I discomfited many students on these conservative campuses.
Let me just give you a general idea of how education works in Canada.
My mother was a ballet teacher, so that's where I took it from.
For us education is part and parcel of what we do.
That’s a huge responsibility that we are putting on our teachers and our schools.
We help teachers use our online curriculum and tools in the classroom.
We were not to hold a lack of Advanced Placement courses against applicants.
We’re not there to snipe people out of school.
We see it from the perspective of a student as a customer, the federal government as a lender or state government and taxpayers as investors.
The brightest among us might do well to apply equal focus to how we might enhance the middle.
We have to keep the door open for private school.
Our debate topic is about whether we should teach finance to kids, like investment and the stock market. 
We were operating under a 19th-century definition of education, which was about restricting access and passing exams.
Our educational system is not keeping up with that of many other industrialized countries.
Our educational system has become so tangled in experiments and exams and excuses.
We have a school that's called International School of Dance. 
Our dance school is located in Beppu, Japan.
Our schools, especially our particularly exceptional schools, need to reflect that diversity.
Our schools were over inspected.
We know make for high-performing schools but that are difficult to pull off consistently across an entire school system.
We see K-12 schools and colleges differently because we’re looking at two different yardsticks.
We found explosive growth in the number of college graduates taking relatively unskilled jobs.
We find it that absent the intensity of a peer group committed to getting into college, kids just fall away.
We found that the quality of the grading is similar to the variation you find from instructor to instructor.
We tell our students whatever happened before this, this is where you are now.
We followed the children inside.
We encourage wait-listed students who remain very interested in Columbia to send a brief letter.
We’ve also seen Wesleyan students cut funding for the student newspaper after it ran an op-ed criticizing the Black Lives Matter movement.
We offer professional development courses.
We will call this algebra and we will say, ‘Oh, we are teaching algebra, we are teaching advanced things.’
The exact contribution of practice may never be known precisely.
Let's say governments and colleges could tell what the demand would be for a particular occupation years out.
We insist on prioritizing testing over teaching.
We firmly believe that talent exists at large and small schools, private and public universities.
We’re now about to see is the payoff from China’s 30 years of investment in infrastructure and education.
We teach in a different way.
We are right in the heart of prep school land.
We look at their photos, we meet their college friends.
We can suggest enterprises, nonprofits and activities in which students can later use their specialized knowledge.
We can be able to research things as teachers are talking. 
We're talking about your dance school. 
We're going to talk about your dance school.
Every school identified in this article was contacted regarding statements by its students and stimulant abuse in general. 
We are failing to maintain the kind of basic awareness and knowledge that can save lives.
What we have before us then, is three distinct purposes for a university.
We are annoyed that they haven’t been abolished already, Mr. Tessenow said of the university’s charges.
We work hard to be the kids that school wanted.
We invite students to think about how to organize their college life to follow their chosen path in a purposeful way.
We should make the syllabus more flexible and more interdisciplinary.
We’ve given students a sense that they’re in just as good a position to know what’s worth knowing as we are.
We're at a time when enrollment is the No. 1 driver.
We have from 1st grade until 12th grade in one school. 
The spine of everything we do is college readiness.
We must hope that those who make education policy will start paying attention to this science.
We wanted students to find schools for themselves.
Does our newfound knowledge of planets bring us any closer to answering that question?
We need to go to China, be there on the ground, meet people working in higher education,
We needed to know with more rigor how well the college education experience is serving people.
We asked teachers from the BuzzFeed Community to tell us about the kindest thing a student has ever done for them.
We push kids to go to college.
The way we convince teachers to be brave and sensitive is by showing them the facts.
We also need college graduates who are willing to work in important fields that don't pay as well, but also may be highly rewarding. 
We published the results in the journals Education Next and Educational Researcher.
We’ve drifted away from the basis of what makes education great.
We appreciate that our education system is a mess, yet we’re passive.
We owe it as a profession to educate the lay public.
We owe all children a fair start in life in the form of access to an education escalator.
We have the best universities.
We also rank 49th in high school enrollment rates and 87th in cellphone use.
We’ve long realized we’re at a relative competitive disadvantage when it comes to higher education.
We’re visiting some of the highest- and lowest-performing schools in China.
We found less evidence of how the positive stereotypes are helping them in college.
We do this to look for ways to advance the student to the next level, as opposed to counting any factor as a negative.
We are learning to support girls as they “lean in” educationally and professionally.
We’re trying to integrate our facilities with the academic mission.
We do know that richer, more educated parents talk much more to their children than poorer and less educated ones.
We know some of the tricks for teaching kids to become high achievers.
We made our way to the school’s playground.
We as a profession have our corpus of knowledge.
Admissions officers at my dream colleges looked beyond S.A.T. scores.
My mum was an art teacher and passed away quite suddenly.
I got my undergrad degree and elementary education.
I tried to do an exam a week at the University of Indianapolis test center.
I sat in on a sixth-grade Second Step class taught by Latasha Little-Brown.
I teach ethics at the University of San Francisco.
Aydlett recalled when I visited the school last spring.
I demanded to know what about the candidate from Grambling made him not a chemist.
I never knew anyone who went to boarding school.
A high school senior I know didn’t get into several of the colleges she coveted most.
I think a majority of colleges like us could do exactly what we’re doing if they trusted that they don’t have to buy students.
I don’t think it’s doing bad in the world to provide a nicer space for college students to live and study and rest and play.
It seems to me that most Master's programs which include MBA and Education don't really teach that.
I think most Master's programs, or most education systems are geared actually just to make money. 
I think universities are a business to make money.
I think the instruction is just depending on the teacher.
I think it is really important that kids learn about things like this.
I think it is good if just they know a little bit of information about it.
I think that the liberal arts teach critical thinking, not to mention nifty words like “heuristic”.
I think private universities are large bureaucracies. 
I feel like they would learn more, there'd be less wasted time.
I think they are trying to get the most out of their school years.
I think there is a huge interest in making educational equity a global question.
I think that it is a problem because you're not giving the same equal access to education to everybody.
I trying to explain what it was like to be born in Montana, raised in Malaysia and going to college in Michigan.
I was a member of university festival organizers. 
I'm getting a Master's in Education, but I think it's a waste of time.
I started this school in April. 
What I say is the massive open online course.
I asked if he had ever visited her at SEED.
I asked if he felt technology was essential to improving American education.
I wish wy teacher knew: how one question can change everything for our kids.
I wish my teacher knew I don’t have pencils at home to do my homework.
I wish my teacher knew that sometimes my reading log is not signed because my mom isn’t around a lot.
I wish we did because I think the computer can make students and teachers have more interactive experience.
I do believe that many of our female dancers, when they come to salsa. 
I couldn’t and can’t think of any bluntly practical application for it, not unless you’re bound for a career on the stage or in academia.
I recalled how Yang Wei had referred to them as the school's most desperate students.
If I'm a teacher, I think I will objective perspective towards the student and teaching.
We're striking a perfect balance in teaching, I think.
I guess the biggest difference is that in university you might have mistakes when you write.
I’ll need to see a little more detail from the College Board to really understand how this will all play itself out.
I informally polled financial literacy advocates, financial planners and other experts.
I asked a number of current L.G.B.T. undergrads how they had handled this issue on their college applications. 
I would advise a college-bound student not to assume that any specific major is the key to either career or life success.
I also called an expert, Christoph Guttentag, who is Duke’s dean of admissions and has read more than 50,000 essays.
I always want my sons’ teachers to know what their challenges are, what they like, just more about them.
I realized that our economics would not allow me to go to college.
What is the right school for me?
I had a chance to teach in public school.
I had been studied at one of the top language schools in France for two weeks.
I teach at university. 
In a speech to students on the Politecnico’s main campus in Milan, I introduced myself in Latin，and then spoke in English.
I'm currently working and I'm teaching an intensive Enlgish course.
I was studying in an international school so I had to study quite hard to get the level still.
I could take some lessons from a professional Argentinian tango teacher.
I wasn't there long enough to see what I could do with that environment.
I teach at a univeristy called Seisen University. 
I have a small English language school.
I was given very good advice at school.
I attended a rural public school whose few accelerated courses in physics and calculus aren’t allowed me to take.
I know that the students always have a very qualified teacher.
I know a simple way to send poor kids to top colleges.
I pointed this out, and he, in turn, expressed wonder that I don’t even allow the use of laptops in my classroom.
I noticed that Chinese math education at the elementary level has a core subject structure.
One expert I talked to recently, Nancy Carlsson-Paige, a professor emerita of education at Lesley University in Cambridge, Mass.
Walter Gilliam is a professor at Yale’s child-study center.
Mr. Wargocki is currently a visiting researcher at the National University there.
Dr. Watkins is the perfessor of Eastern Washington's.
Philip Watkins is the psychology professor of Eastern Washington University.
The differences would exist regardless of schooling.
The flipped classroom is a new experience for students and teachers.
Whether it’s snack time or a field trip to a Chelsea gallery, everything at Avenues feels designed to assuage parental anxiety.
He did everything he could, both in his lectures and outside the classroom, to convey to the TIP students a new sense of identity.
Whether they’re in high school or college, those topics translate into what we do in the Air Force.
No matter where they teach.
No matter which message they saw in the pre-orientation presentation, 90 percent of that group was on track.
The University of L’Aquila is institutionally and administratively separate from the new school.
Ms. Wu had taught children with special needs in Washington, D.C.
African-American and Hispanic children make up about 15 percent of Woodman’s population, its principal, Patrick Boodey, said.
There have always been people who outright lie to get their children into a school.
It means migrants will be entitled to use public services, such as health and education, where they live.
Ms. Woon is the deputy director of education at the Museum of Modern Art. 
One who has felt the pinch is Norman Hüner.
Sun Aijuan is the director of student affairs at the Gaoxin Yicuiyuan School, in Xi’an.
The Northwestern program stresses teamwork,  the lecture format is still a big part of the program.
Rao Yi, a Northwestern University neurobiologist, decamped to Peking University.
Ms. Sears refers to the technique as dynamic grouping.
Sylvana Coté is a researcher at the University of Montreal.
Silvia Bunge is associate professor of psychology and neuroscience at the University of California, Berkeley.
Sultan taps several times a week for help with her English and math courses toward TutorVista tutors.
Simone Gori is the co-first author of the study and a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Padua.
The researchers, at Seattle Children’s Research Institute and the University of Washington, divided 565 parents of children ages 3 to 5 into two groups.
Attracting overseas graduate students, in particular, is important to universities.
The supply of students abroad who want an American education is immense.
We hope the time there leaves him with great experiences, a love of learning and some idea how to get and keep a job.
Her course has made them more creative.
Next month, Tsinghua University in Beijing will be in collaboration with Sotheby’s.
Here are five exercises that students find particularly engaging.
Clearly, Cambridge is known for its university and its colleges.
My role is apparently to make the more expert members look brilliant by comparison.
At present, Hamilton, the school Ms. Wolfbauer has been trying to impress,does not anticipate taking anyone off the waiting list.
Now the teacher told him school administrators were keen to have a student admitted to one of China's top universities.
Now your job is not to dispense knowledge，it’s to facilitate learning.
Xavier now refers all assault cases to his office.
He is suing Xavier for his expulsion.
Now, we’re seeing more middle-class parents choosing it.
Now instead, of struggling alone, students can do the most important work with a teacher or peers who can help.
Now, it’s ‘Who can afford us?’
At Irvington, it’s too early to gauge the impact of new reforms, but educators see promising signs.
They now enroll virtually all of the city’s 3- and 4-year-olds in preschool programs for six hours each day.
Whether you in fact make it more affordable with a reset or a freeze is not clear, since net revenues tend to come out about the same.
Many common tasks now done by college graduates might vanish.
Today we educate the world’s top talent in our colleges.
Now you are already back to the university life. 
Now you have actually gone back to the university world. 
Concerns are being voiced that it would set up yet another hurdle for international access to the British education system.
Now the family is zoned for P. S. 153.
Now our agenda of college readiness has become the national agenda.
And now that I have the degree as well as the elementary education certificate.
It’s kind of gone underground, it’s become less controversial.
This program is known as Technology Education and Literacy in Schools, or Teals.
New Jersey preschool teachers tend to have more training than those in New York.
By comparison, freshman acceptance into Harvard was 5.8 percent.
Compared with only 58 master’s degrees in two small business and education programs.
America’s perceived international dominance of higher education, by contrast, rests largely on global rankings of top universities.
By comparison, Britain, which has roughly an equal number of students, raised annual tuition caps last year to ￡9,000, or $14,000.
Those students who sat in the orderly office were twice as likely to choose the apple than those who sat amid the mess.
Instead, parents have come to see the elite universities as the only way to give their children a chance at success.
The course will teach them.
Classes are free, although acceptance is strict.
It can be easier to find money for cool new gadgets than for teachers.
City University of Hong Kong placed fifth.
The University of Hong Kong is planning for the second installment of the corporate directorship program, which is expected to run early next year.
Tutorial centers in Hong Kong have been accused of capitalizing on a high-stress, exam-oriented education system.
The city usually finds itself near the top of studies on global education.
Researchers at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University found it a decade ago. 
Hong Kong schools are not generally deemed to be lacking in quality.
Think about jobs 15 years ago that didn’t need any college education.
Imagine you are Dean for a Day. 
We provide superb education for elites, but we falter at mass education.
Participants in the program will also attend M.I.T., Smith, Tufts and Williams in Massachusetts.
The role that a place like P.S.U. plays is increasingly important.
Places like Oakland High School, right across the bay, have recently taken to closing school campuses during lunch.
As Ella Kim, mother of a 4-year old, explains, Avenues took the anxiety of a New York parent ― albeit of a certain type.
Like a study-abroad student you are hosting long term and to whom you must, patiently and constantly, explain the land they’re visiting.
Like the town itself, the student population was increasingly Hispanic.
Sean F. Reardon is a professor of poverty and inequality in education at Stanford University. 
Shaun Curtis is director of international affairs at Exeter University.
In grammar school, Jack Bonneman studied a Scripps-Howard spelling bee booklet every night.
The elementary school children are the best teachers for the parents.
Town planning is not the only means through which the school instills discipline in kids like Yang Wei.
Staff members in offices like residence life, student counseling and career services often are asked to work closely with international students.
Campus Computing Project is one of the largest continuing studies of information technology in American higher education.
Schools do not offer sex culture education and such like.
Tools of the Mind has grown steadily.
Cyndie Schmeiser is the College Board's chief of assessment.
New instructional methods can also contribute to cost savings.
The new rule states directly that “a STEM OPT student would not replace a full- or part-time, temporary or permanent U.S. worker,”
Jane Stapleton, a University of New Hampshire researcher who runs bystander intervention programs at colleges around the country and in Europe.
The universities in Singapore land-strapped.
Singapore Management University has already constructed a basement-level space linking its main above-ground buildings.
Singapore Management University, a business school, began using the space below its campus in 2005.
The National University of Singapore is bringing executives into the classroom by offering its first Women in Leadership program from Nov. 18 to Nov. 22.
National University of Singapore has also identified areas on its Kent Ridge campus.
Nanyang Technological University overtook Hong Kong University of Science and Technology to secure the top spot.
Nanyang Technological University in Singapore ranks second in the past two editions.
There are two city’s public universities, Nanyang Technological University and the National University of Singapore.
The differences in price and amenities between the old and the new have fed assumptions around Columbia about the type of students enjoying the more upscale accommodations.
The new curriculum offers much for Scotland’s pupils.
The institute would have to overcome a deeply entrenched conservatism.
The new institute will benefit from a “competitive collaboration” with the lab and with the existing University of L’Aquila.
Maarten H.D. Larmuseau is a geneticist at the University of Leuven in Belgium who has led much of this new research.
At Montclair State University in New Jersey, It offers 300 majors, minors and concentrations.
New Jersey requires all preschool teachers to have certification in early childhood education.
Georgian Court University in New Jersey was single-sex since 1908.
New Jersey began offering universal prekindergarten in 31 of its poorest school districts, including Union City.
New evidence suggests that the links between handwriting and broader educational development run deep.
The letter explaining how thankful he was for having me as a teacher.
We were fortunate they had chosen that place.
The reform of the sex education shows that this is not the case.
Sex educators say that young people are sexual actors, no matter in what culture.
The number of foreign university students in Hungary rose 21 percent from 2005 to 2011 ― to 16,465 from 13,601.
First-year dentistry and medicine students in Hungary spend countless hours studying at an anatomy museum in the Anatomy, Histology and Embryology Building.
Ambitious high school students are no longer content with just one college admissions test.
Foreign students will have to pay 150 pounds, or roughly $250, per year of study when they are issued their visa.
You need the classical Chinese, know how it works, the forms and the structure of the language.
Many NMUN participants take Model U.N. as a for-credit course.
Many white students end up at one of the many prestigious private schools in the city.
Many attendees say they acquire practical skills that college courses fail to teach.
Many professors who participate in it teach only their own department’s scholarly material.
Lots of teachers who aren’t really good teachers are resistant to this.
Many university science departments, particularly those in the countryside, are trying to recruit more young women.
Colleges have spruced up dormitories and diversified dining options.
Many colleges have new experiment with the admissions formula.
Many children on waiting lists end up securing spots as families of enrolled children pursue other options.
Many low-income students “undermatch” meaning that they don’t attend ― or even apply to ― the most selective college that would accept them.
College degrees are simply not necessary for many jobs.
Many public universities have recently expanded online degree programs costing as much as their on-campus programs.
Performances have changed over the past three years without significant changes in culture.
Many parents, especially among the poor and immigrants, do not know that talking, as well as reading, singing and playing with their young children, is important.
Many parents have also pointed out that the intense competition the system creates comes at the detriment of meaningful learning.
Many parents did not realize that their children were going up against other children who were identical to them at least on paper.
Even now, many educators don’t grasp the importance of emotional awareness.
Many economists point out that college graduates have fared much better than their less-educated peers.
Many are spawned by the university and its colleges.
Many Manhattan private schools feel like labyrinthine rabbit warrens.
Many U.S. schools already have undergone decades of policy overhauls.
It has educated, among others, the queen’s nephew, Viscount Linley, and the mayor of London, Boris Johnson.
Many young college graduates face all the struggles.
Many Europeans are unfamiliar with the 'show and tell' culture instilled in Americans from preschool
Many other standardized exams that assess students' knowledge.
Right now many young men and women who didn’t get in where they fervently longed to are worrying. 
Many parents like Ms. Zhang prefer the idea of international streams within Chinese schools.
Many demands are driven by Cambridge University itself.
Many students, especially at private and out-of-state colleges, end up owing much more, often more than $100,000.
Many students aren’t receiving a good-enough math education in middle or high school.
The students at many remain overwhelmingly affluent.
Many researchers say that quality sleep directly affects learning because people store new facts during deep-sleep cycles.
Many Chinese students don’t know what they think because their parents and teachers just order them about.
The way to select students into the elite colleges is not through any mysterious peering into applicants’ souls, Pinker continues. 
Laotian government officials are among the parents choosing to put their children in such schools.
Content knowledge evolves at lightning speed.
Scholastic operates book fairs in schools.
A backlash has been growing against the preacademic approach among educators and child psychologists.
Students can then use classroom time to work through problems with teachers and apply what they have learned.
A student cannot simply turn in a shoddy paper, take the D and move on.
Student loan debt can have lasting effects later in life and may impact the ability of future small-business owners to raise capital.
Should a student conceal her lesbian identity in college application essays?
Semmelweis has clearly benefited from having a more multicultural campus, according to students and professors.
The interactions and balance of power between student and teacher are as well.
Students naturally resubmit the work until they get it right,” said Daphne Koller, a computer scientist and a founder of Coursera.
Students make a list of how they actually spent their time, on average, each day over the past week and compare with the two lists.
Students gathered in hotel conference rooms for free introductory classes.
Students fall in love with these schools, and there are parents who are willing to sacrifice beyond all rational reasoning.
Students may miss the focus of the course.
They can get a degree quickly, get a job and then maybe do it again.
There's plenty that students will take away from his lessons.
Students say that teachers bark out their lessons on bull horns.
One of the biggest advantages to studying in Hungary is its old approach to medical education, students say.
Students need to know not just what we want them to do, but why we are asking them to do it.
Students say hackathons are an ideal way to test-drive the experience of working at a start-up before committing to a job.
Students have been so accustomed to getting quick answers with a few keywords that they are likely to give up when an easy answer eludes them.
Students described the way their teachers impart knowledge: “feeding the ducks.”
Students multitasking on their short lunch break leverage the convenience of new technology, like the app tested out in the simulation.
Students attended colleges of different selectivity.
Students learn by doing and asking questions.
The students want to sweeten their college portfolios.
Students need to be able to assess if their intended college and major will achieve the kind of access and results in the marketplace that it claims. 
The question of what a student should major in and what sort of return on investment it can generate is becoming an increasingly important question. 
Students have similar SAT scores.
Students attended cram schools for several years.
Students may still hold such an attitude after entering university.
Students learn Lao and Chinese from kindergarten, with English introduced in primary school.
Declining academic standards and grade inflation add to employers' perceptions.
A few courses later, the same students were asked to apply that same analytical process to the shortage of organ donors.
They study what other students study in different countries but nowadays they are focusing on English 
Ability grouping in reading has been a common practice at the school for at least a decade.
It was renamed Trump Entrepreneur Initiative.
The main campus is in the eastern Chinese city of Suzhou and has a student population of over 41,000.
School was better than a dinosaur museum.
Schools must adjust to the new economic reality, as some already have.
Schools don’t always follow their neighborhood’s upward trajectory.
School shouldn’t be a spectator sport.
Face painting and glitter-tattoo stations were packed in school.
Mandarin or Spanish immersion begins in nursery school.
The school received 350 applications for 25 kindergarten slots.
The university acted in accordance with internal guidelines.
It wasn’t so different across the campus in the boys’ dorm.
The college’s Web site will provide all the relevant source materials.
I had an early taste of this mood, soon after the university adopted English for graduate degree courses.
Schools have cut back a lot.
What was the school policy on genetically modified organisms?
You split the school.
Students are encouraged to see themselves as participants in an academic world.
The administrators suspected that a few parents were actually inflating numbers in conversation. 
The school has decreed that only young, single men can fill the job.
The university also provides him an apartment by Washington Square.
And the school was striving to break the 10,000 mark in 2014.
It is a changed relationship between the schools and the schooled.
Students in the performance stream will be taught the exaggerated acrobatic movements of Cantonese opera. 
They will get in and get funded.
A school is going to say that.
It have been taught by schooling and popular culture to trust any place called a university.
Colleges award aid to those with demonstrated need.
What happens when schools embrace e-sports?
Schools are introducing a range of measures.
Creative studies is popping up on course lists and as a credential.
An insistence by the school’s leadership on the highest standards and a culture that prizes education and respects teachers.
Schools can obtain “the educational benefits from a diverse student body.”
Schools can provide each student with one to take home each night.
The schools  install vending machines.
Schools provide sex education or do not.
School is a boring thing. 
The school was set up by the Homeland Security Department in 2012.
Schools arrange the classes for the engineers to avoid interfering with their schedules firstly. 
Schools do not wanting students to carry the drugs themselves, had the school nurse hold and dispense the pills.
Schools usually provide only scant information.
School systems lack the experience to negotiate data agreements.
The institute’s newly arrived international students and teachers are actively engaging with their environment.
The school purported to offer undergraduate and graduate degree programs in areas like accounting and marketing.
It purported to offer undergraduate and graduate degree programs in areas like accounting, marketing and health care management.
Avenues was ready to hear parents’ opinions out.
The schools should sell condoms in campus shops.
The school has antigay policies or is generally L.G.B.T.unfriendly, which are usually religious colleges.
The school has a set of ranking system.
It had a website, with a seal featuring the Latin words “Humanus, Scientia, Integritas,”
The school has its own website, with a seal featuring the Latin words “Humanus, Scientia, Integritas”.
The university originally planned for the campus to be built in three years.
The school was adapting to modern times a long tradition of offering free places.
Schools in China typically require parental consent before administering medication.
School begins at 8:35 a.m. and runs to 4:30 p.m., during which he typically teaches three 35-minute lessons.
Schools are amassing increasing amounts of information about K-12 students.
There ia a large-scale, random-assignment study of school tours to the museum.
It has a guaranteed budget for three years.
Academic performance is about 70% knowledge and studying, and 30% is the psychological piece.
Academically advanced students will still take some kind of entrance exam.
Participants will include undergraduates from both Yuanpei College at Peking University in Beijing and Wellesley.
Colleges, with a few small master’s degree programs added.
Universities and community colleges need to be far more specific with prospective and current students. 
Mr. Kelley, who also started the design firm IDEO, says the goal is to give students ― many of them analytically minded ― the tools to change lives.
The academy has received more than 20 applications but will admit only 8 to 10 students to the course this year.
Academics and administrators predict that rising demands on the university system will eventually bring the fees back.
Dentistry students, for example, spend the first two years of their studies with the students of medicine, for a broader foundation.
Jacob Lew is a former N.Y.U. executive vice president.
Alexander Nehamas is a professor of philosophy at Princeton.
Aaron Sams and Jonathan Bergmann are a pair of high school chemistry teachers in Woodland Park, Colo.
Arthur C. Brooks was the former economics professor at Syracuse.
Are Asian-Americans only the hyperselected and the highly educated and those who fit this exceptional outcome.
Asians already had the highest rate of college completion.
The Asian-American students are benefiting from this perception that all Asian-Americans are highly educated. 
Asian universities are beginning to do what has long been practiced in the West.
No Asian universities made it into the top 20.
Other Asian universities have also started offering short courses for female leaders.
Jens Wüstemann is the president of the Mannheim Business School.
In keeping with university practice, Harvard did not disclose the timing or form of the gift.
Studies show that high school students taking classes in which they get both college and high school credit fare better academically.
Studies show that transcripts are better predictors of college performance.
The study found that those who took college-level classes in high school were more likely to have finished college after six years.
It found they had a better outlook on school and greater life satisfaction three weeks later.
Researchers find economic and educational mobility are now greater in Europe than in America.
The researchers are from Vanderbilt University in Nashville.
The researchers sending the packets were trying to determine why most poor students didn't attend selective colleges.
According to the Graduate Management Admission Council, the reports are from applicants during the 2012 testing year.
The Graduate Management Admission Council is responsible for the standardized test.
The  study found that nine out of 10 employees believed that colleges were not fully preparing students for the workplace.
The findings showed that gender, age and education level all influence the types of regrets people feel.
Studies show that large numbers of talented low-income students are ill-prepared for college.
Ayako Wada-Katsumata, Jules Silverman and Coby Schal are all at North Carolina State University.
These researchers are from the Queensland University of Technology.
Right now, schools are counting up how many accepted students have decided to enroll. 
Researchers at Brigham Young University studying the correlation between social relationships and mortality did a 2010 meta-analysis of 148 studies encompassing more than 300,000 participants.
Yang Wei, a 12th grader at this public school, steered me through the crowd.
If the school’s doing badly, a tuition cut can look like an act of desperation.
To solve the problem of college completion, you first need to get inside the mind of a college student.
And that can’t happen if there’s too strong an urge and a push to contract the ground it covers.
Yeager immediately began holding focus groups and one-on-one discussions with current U.T. students.
Jiang Xueqin, a graduate of Yale University who is now deputy principal of the prestigious Tsinghua University High School, argued something.
Liebert, a librarian at Yale, complained he’d implausibly stuffed Anglicisms into the mouths of Americans.
The Yale exhibition was organized by the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
The Yale exhibition was based on three earlier exhibitions.
Is Yale letting in 8-year-olds?
Yale shut down the brothers’ website last week.
The schools of drama and architecture at Yale are staging a retrospective exhibition honoring Ming Cho Lee.
That is when he added to his course syllabuses.
Maybe they can benefit more from the social contacts they made there.
Maybe you don’t need a bachelor’s to change bedpans.
Perhaps I am emblematic of everything that is wrong with elite American education.
Perhaps this is where college classrooms can step in. 
Some education experts have cast doubt on the relevance of those studies.
I also taught at a language school in Japan, too.
The glossy color brochures pile up in the admissions office at Grinnell College here.
Some parents and first-period teachers are seeing a payoff in students who are more rested and alert.
Many of them want to attend selective colleges once they understand their options.
Once students have acquired basic instruction in larger, less personal classes, they can apply it in smaller advanced classes.
A higher education riddle: When can a college slash tuition by almost half, without losing revenues?
A tutor, identified only by a first name and last initial, responded within a minute.
A college student’s decision whether or not to repeat a spring-break vacation is determined by the peak-end rule applied to the previous vacation.
Over a century ago, most university administrators and faculty members would have said the moral purpose is the most important. 
And in a possible sign of the future, the athletic department of Robert Morris University Illinois in Chicago created an official video game team this fall.
One teaches about Barnett Newman and how he created his paintings. 
What was disconcerting was how much of his success had depended on opportunities outside the public education system.
“College Dating: Uncovering the Dating Scene,” helps students learn essentials.
A brand new classroom is full of brand new people.
One person mentioned the instructional videos at Khan Academy.
A century ago, most educated Britons would have had a deep appreciation of German history, music, philosophy and literature.
It may seem counterintuitive, but the more selective the college you choose, the higher your likelihood of graduating.
One was a young white man with a degree from St. John’s University.
One is predicting accurately how well a student will do in college.
A four-year degree has probably never been more valuable.
One student brought up his own personal dilemma: He wants to be a surgeon, and he also wants to have a large family.
A bachelor’s degree does not guarantee success.
A schoolteacher Americanized “Tai Yow” to “Tyrus.”
One is led by Dr. Brian A. Ference of Wayne State University School of Medicine.
The main thing that works is treating teaching as a profession, and teachers as professionals.
In a month, the trainees would begin the real work of adjusting to the new ways, day by day in the classroom.
A key reason is lack of knowledge about sex among the young.
One major reason is the Common Core State Standards Initiative.
MOOCs are vastly extending the reach of professors at some of the world’s best universities.
Elite colleges provide scholarships for low-income students who have managed to overcome barriers and excel.
One boarding school administrator spoke candidly off the record.
Each fifth grader masters prime factorization, he moves on to greatest common factors, each at his own pace.
The student takes the test or turns in a project designed to demonstrate mastery.
“Everything is copy,” and she and her husband proved it by turning the college-age Nora into a character in a play, later a movie, “Take Her, She’s Mine.”
The idea that outcomes were predetermined ran contrary to all my work, education and ambition.
As with the measures of K-12 education, the United States battles it out for last place.
All of a sudden, the world opens up to students.
One is public, the University of California and the other is private, the Berkeley and Stanford. 
A private elementary school is also a Ruler school.
An expanded set of tools for research, discussion, practice and demonstration of mastery allow students to come at their studies from various angles.
A great teacher can create a climate that is engaged, caring and respectful.
A Chinese teacher has built a successful language program in Wisconsin, Hongmei Zhao.
One young woman had been disconcerted to find herself one of only three girls in her AP physics course in high school.
A student brought her newborn to school to show it off to admiring students and teachers.
Could an online degree earned in six to 12 months bring a revolution to higher education?
A small but influential group of economists and educators is pushing another pathway.
Some tutorial schools claim that they have enrolled the most number of "five-stars" students.
Some choose to rely more heavily on that pool than others.
Some large school districts include Boston and Chicago.
Some universities cater to the kinds of students who participate in hackathons.
Some low-income students do not invest enough in the college-admission process.
Some newly minted college graduates struggle to find work.
Now, in some countries there's a big debate about how much fitness kids actually do in school. 
Some high-achieving students had their most recent test scores counted as part of a school consortium.
Some parents argued that students’ lives would be easier if they were at SEED seven days a week.
Some educators concerned their students’ lack of emotional insight and ability will hinder them in life. 
While some educators propose a radical renovation of the community college system to teach work readiness.
Their comforts, some developers argue, will give students less to worry about and allow them to focus more on their schoolwork.
Some of the companies operating tutorial centers also run mainstream schools with government accreditation.
Some of the programs are heavily scripted.
Some teachers pit them against one another in practice-test "death matches".
Some teachers offer students a menu of learning activities to choose from, and another menu of ways to demonstrate mastery.
Some disagree, but I’m pretty sure that one factor is East Asia’s long Confucian emphasis on education.
some would argue, rather knee-jerk: Earn a college degree.
Some Chinese Parents are leaning toward a more Chinese education, out of concern that the language is just too difficult.
Some blame the Chinese education system for producing students who rely on rote learning.
Some people said they should have studied something different in college, taken a different career path or followed their passions.
Someone who's also studied a little about teaching. 
Some concede, that in particularly contemporary measures, like excellence in computer science, engineering and technology, Harvard could find much to emulate in that place out in California.
Students may not have encountered the subjects in school.
For some colleges, standardized tests are optional.
Many schools are already strapped for classroom space.
Some rates will increase by a few tenths of a percentage point.
Some colleges have made progress.
Some research indicates that early instruction in reading and other areas may help some students, but these boosts appear to be temporary.
That increasingly rely on tuition from international students to balance their budgets.
Some Chinese schools get parental consent to conduct health checks that involve procedures like blood and urine tests.
Some experts attribute it to No Child Left Behind, the 2001 law that strengthened accountability standards for schools.
It was bad luck for families who had bought their homes specifically because of those schools.
The trust has long run summer programs for British students from low- and middle-income backgrounds to encourage them to apply to elite universities.
It has been at the forefront of Indonesia’s sexual education revolution.
A new breed of Model U.N., popular among student-run clubs at elite universities, has a distinctly different philosophy.
A new kind of psychological intervention is proving surprisingly powerful in combating these fears for students in middle school, high school or college.
A control group of low-income students with SAT scores is good enough to attend top colleges.
In one case, a team of researchers decided to track Harvard college students.
One group favors what you might call a preacademic approach to prekindergarten and kindergarten
A group of English teachers appeared to have fallen into a post-lunch professional-development coma.
Illinois State University also decided on that signage, with a somewhat prolix addendum.
A test started recently at Robert Morris University Illinois.
Itzhak Perlman began teaching himself the violin after being rejected from music school.
The Dashboard indicated that 1,200 of them ― including Vanessa Brewer ― had less than a 40 percent chance of graduation on time.
There are already 13,000 students.
Donald Trump isn’t alone in exploiting the word ‘University’.
Fees are low by North American or British standards, opponents say they have acted as an economic barrier to some students.
The idea of measuring students’ competency has become the cornerstone of newer institutions in Utah.
In order to nurture a new generation of more scientific education researchers.
We stopped grading papers in the sense of taking them home and having stacks and feeling guilty for not doing them.
So every school seems local.
Artists go on to get graduate degrees.
Strong causal relationships do in fact exist between arts education and a range of desirable outcomes.
Silviana Ilcus, an art history major who had completed more than 230 units at Stanford without having arrived at a firm idea of what she wanted to with her life.
Accordingly, the most important goal of prekindergarten is to teach children how to master their thoughts.
So schools should help them “make choices” about their bodies.
So it can not adequately show how and if student attention span has changed because of the use of digital technology.
The big difference, came from minority and low-income students who went to top-tier colleges, they did better later on.
Because many countries do better than the United States in educational mobility, according to the O.E.C.D. study.
Because of their youth, lack of education and experience, durga and niruta lost the case.
That's because college graduates earn so much more on average than nongraduates do. 
That's because they have never met someone who attended one.
That's because it is more comprehensive than other research on college choices.
This is important in that my 4-year-old is going to “real” school for the first time.
Because there are schools that don't have bilingual teaching system.
They are a sign that a college really wants the student.
College-student numbers doubled as baby boomers, and then their children, enrolled. 
Lead the kids through self-control exercises.
The ushers' directions to the arriving audience were drowned out by shouts of “Education, not deportation!"
Jennifer Hunt of Brown County, Ind., was awarded a bachelor’s degree from Thomas Edison State College in New Jersey.
The tuition cap at most universities in England rose to ￡9,000, or around $15,000.
Schools in England encouraged students to specialize their major.
University degree programs last three years in England and Wales.
The number of international students enrolling in English universities has dropped for the first time.
Universities UK is the lobbying organization for vice chancellors.
The crisis in Britain soon seeped into its new education business.
The nations that make up the United Kingdom have individual responsibility for higher education.
Britain’s fee-paying schools have a track record of brutality.
Schools in Britain have struggled under an increasing pressure.
The British education system is one of the most prestigious in the world.
Seven of the last eleven British Prime Ministers have been Oxford graduates.
The British government’s decision two years ago to allow English universities to triple their tuition has also made a big difference.
Many Intel finalists log long hours in sophisticated labs attached to universities and research centers.
Whether teaching in English hampers students’ free access to knowledge.
One that continues to be run by for-profit and nonprofit schools alike.
The for-profit DeVry Technical Institute, originally DeForest Training School, became DeVry University.
There ought to be a greater focus on kings and queens, or the history of the British empire.
Having a degree used to be your ticket to a job, but now maybe it’s just going to a hackathon.
Those with a college degree were four times as likely to be unemployed as those with only an elementary school education.
College degrees say little about job readiness.
Having a college degree doesn’t insulate people from economic tumult.
Companies with vested interests are pitching themselves as the solution to the country’s educational problems.
Having a teacher who believes in you makes a lifetime of difference.
TutorVista can provide audio-chat sessions if scheduled in advance.
Excellent Sheep：The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life.
College-educated millennials in particular view it as a “capstone” to their lives rather than as a “cornerstone”.
The reach of professors are extended particularly at Stanford, Harvard, M.I.T., Yale, Princeton.
The decision not to attend college for fear that it’s a bad deal is among the most economically irrational decisions anybody could make in 2014.
With the need for more money, U.C. has increasingly relied on out-of-state and foreign students who pay a far higher tuition rate.
Because those influence educational success and later earnings, early childhood experiences cast a lifelong shadow.
With fewer resources, schools are cutting back educational offerings.
About a third of schools don't have the capacity to accommodate all their students in a computer lab.
More than 250 participants traveled to Palo Alto, Calif., from some 60 universities.
There are 31 percent of college admissions officers visited a prospective applicant’s social media page.
500 universities have economic immunity because their endowments are so high.
Far more take both but submit only one.
Authorities had planned to cancel college entrance exams by 2010.
Some tough decisions about allocating educational resources may well lie ahead.
When you look at the national statistics on college graduation rates, there are two big trends that stand out right away.
The research on the gap that exists is pretty startling in some ways.
There's always debate about how much kids should be doing inside school.
We have many government officials who send their kids to our school.
Universities in similar circumstances, like Columbia and Stanford, also have helped professors and executives with home loans. 
Two big universities have run interventions for incoming freshmen, halving dropout rates among some target groups.
There are N.Y.U. and the University of Southern California.
Intriguingly, this course suggests that the best route to democratizing higher education may require taking it out of college.
One senses Lancy rolling his eyes at modern American parents, impelled to get down on the floor to play Legos with their kids.
Some people say it will be the next big thing in higher education.
Sometimes the Pakistani in him regards the Ivy League as it could be seen only from afar.
The admissions officers sometimes reach out to teachers and counselors at the applicants’ high schools.
Sometimes students absolutely don’t want to involve the university hierarchy.
Parents sometimes need a reminder of what constitutes need.
They sometimes give better grades to that student.
There are Stanford and the University of California, Davis.
So many administrators were receiving requests.
Five Chinese universities made it into the top 150 list.
There are lure of a broader liberal arts curriculum.
Some universities lavish disproportionate energy on them. 
Schools in low-income neighborhoods may not offer A.P. courses.
Some Eastern colleges actually frowned on the ACT.
Someone has thinkings about the campus protests.
Some were even doing college-level math.
Some rightly point to the high levels of poverty in our public schools to adjust for our lagging performance.
Some are veterans eligible for benefits under a post-9/11 G.I. Bill.
for some students, no college at all.
Some parent called and offered to buy me two pizzas every week for a year if I admitted the person’s child.
Some students took leadership courses.
Some students go to college knowing exactly what they want to do.
For students whose schools do not expose them to that poem  or to German philosophers or Russian novelists.
Some schools' origins date back centuries.
Some schools have 10th graders try the Preliminary SAT but also PLAN, the ACT version.
Some state universities, leery of ceding control to outside organizations, lean toward developing their own programs and platforms.
Degree holders were viewed as the nation's best and brightest.
There is a word to high-school seniors rejected by their first choice.
One student said she arrived on campus having taken lots of advanced classes and didn’t hesitate to sign up for the most rigorous math course.
One thousand “students” who knowingly enrolled for at least 45 days at the university will shortly be receiving notices to appear in immigration court.
Changes are beginning to emerge,from outsourcing to online education, and they could transform the system.
An International Baccalaureate curriculum may be offered in international streams.
more and more teachers are beginning to group children in math as well, Patrick Boodey said.
Evidence shows that creative contributions depend on the breadth, not just depth, of our knowledge and experience. 
Ability grouping help teachers cope with widely varying levels of ability and achievement.
When sufficient data are available ― or forfeit funds.
Instead he accepted the offer from Peking University.
While also, get the best teachers in front of the most difficult classrooms.
Meanwhile, the cost of college has increased 16.5% in 2012 dollars since 2006.
At the same time, the stakes for college students today couldn’t be higher.
Meanwhile, preparation for China’s national university entrance exam continues to dominate the lives of secondary students.
At the same time, students send more applications than they once did.
In the meantime, Chinese Internet users are lavishing their affections on another school in the U.S..
Compared to the high0earning, college-graduate, only one-fifth of low-income, less-educated parents enrollrd their children in arts classes.
They are relatively small compared with California’s.
Those men who are as well-educated as you are often interested in younger, less challenging women.
Compared with a control group, the experiment tripled the percentage of black students who earned G.P.A.s in the top quarter of their class.
The discussion on international students in the United States has largely been about how to best recruit talented students from overseas.
It compared with 80 percent of high-income graduates.
The Supreme Court is expected to rule soon in a closely watched case over admissions at the University of Texas at Austin.
The N.C.A.A. requires transfers to sit out a year but made a rare exception in Mr. Wells’s case after consulting with Mr. Deters.
Watching remotely means you won't be party to the discussion.
The Institutional Research team analyzed the performance of tens of thousands of recent U.T. students.
About 753,000 students have enrolled, with India, Brazil, Pakistan and Russia among the top 10 countries from which people are participating.
John Jerrim is an economics researcher at London University’s Institute of Education.
John D. Polk was an associate professor of anthropology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
John Edens is a clinical psychologist at Texas A&M University.
John T. Cacioppo is a psychologist and director of the Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience at the University of Chicago.
John Mayer is from the University of New Hampshire.
John Sexton is the president of New York University.
A new study by researchers at Johns Hopkins University shows that. 
Joshua El-Bey is a LEDA graduate who was leaving in a few days for his sophomore year at Yale.
More and more public schools are starting, expanding, refining and successfully promoting honors programs.
More and more parents think they can't just stick with the regular road map for getting into college.
A growing number of educators and psychologists now believe the fact.
More and more dormitories are not built by universities themselves.
At Modern Education, students can pay about 100 dollars an hour to attend classes with about 100 other pupils.
Forbes’s most recent list starts out with the five national service academies, which charge no tuition.
Only 20 percent of Indonesians aged 15 to 24 had comprehensive knowledge of H.I.V..
In 1991, the top two majors at Yale were history and English.
In 1991, 165 students graduated from Yale with a B.A. in English literature.
It is only about half of first-time college freshmen who enrolled in 2006 having graduated by 2012.
In a 2006 study of more than 100 CEOs, researchers at Penn State found executive narcissism can actually be motivational. 
Of the full-time undergraduates enrolled in four-year colleges in 2007, 81 percent of students under the age of 20 graduated within six years.
Only about half of high school graduates from low-income families enrolled in college in 2012.
Of the 1.3 million students who were looking for a place to live in the 2013-14 school year, 72 percent were British.
People were least likely to marry those with similar educational backgrounds around the 1950s.
A broad liberal arts education is a key pathway to success in the 21st-century economy.
In the 25-34 age range the differential between college graduate and high school graduate earnings fell 11% for men.
The 2013 class size rebounded with the help of 315 tour scholarships.
There were six separate principals in five years.
The whole team presented its proposal at the Board of Education meeting on September 17 to an unusually full house.
One scene in the inBloom video shows a geometry teacher virtually reassigning students’ seating assignments.
InBloom offers its clients a vision of continuously quantified students and seamlessly connected teachers.
For too long in K through 12, we have asked every single student to conform to one or the other binary.
The highest performing PISA schools, all have "ownership" cultures.
Tolya Elliott-Chandler was in the minority of SEED parents who had graduated from college, and she pushed her sons academically.
He became the 100th pupil to attend Rugby thanks to an Arnold Foundation scholarship.
I spoke to dozens of freshmen during the months I spent reporting in Austin.
At Baumholder, the math department tries to put struggling students in the flipped mastery class.
At Penn State, 80 percent of freshmen say they are uncertain about their major.
Among U.S.-resident undergraduates, out-of-staters account for 11 percent at Berkeley, and 34 percent at Michigan.
At Latea, we are encouraged to interrupt the lecturers and argue with them.
A neighborhood like Bushwick, in Brooklyn, can seem like a satellite campus of Wesleyan.
In interviews, several teachers said they believed modern-day grouping was not discriminatory.
Newbies meet about four times a week for six weeks before the University of Chicago's first conference.
Tools students consistently score higher on tests requiring executive function.
During my only meeting with Baldwin, at City College, I blurted out to him what his story had done for me.
The students in the top quarter who attended one of the country’s most selective colleges account for 78 percent.
Only 34 percent of the high-school seniors in the bottom quarter of income distribution attended the country’s most selective colleges.
In traditional schooling, time is a constant and understanding is a variable.
In a traditional classroom, the teacher must aim the lecture at the middle.
The surge follows more than two decades of slow growth in college completion.
He made a prominent Democrat just six days beforehand at the University of Chicago.
After receiving an M.D./Ph.D. from Harvard, she did a pediatrics residency, specializing in oncology-hematology.
On most campuses, athletes commit a disproportionate number of sex crimes。
Nearly half of high-earning, college-graduate parents enrolled their children in arts classes before they were 5.
In college and medical school, she worked to bring medical care to disadvantaged people.
In the universities, we are struggling to answer that question.
Before college, she used e-mail mostly for buying concert tickets.
It’s easier to switch out of engineering than it is to take it up later in your college career.
Among college students, the biggest regrets tend to center around education.
We have passed the stage in history, where what you learn in college can last you for a lifetime.
When you are a student in the university, you see so many theoretical work. 
Translations of the poet’s work was done by rising young intellectuals like Mao Dun, Zhang Zhenduo.
Bill Gates introduced it as a “new, exciting thing” in his keynote speech at SXSWedu education conference in Austin, Tex.
Introduced to inject additional financing into an overstretched public education system,in Germany.
Some schools, prodded by Mr. Derham and others, are doing just that.
There are thousands of students like Vanessa at the University of Texas.
In Dubai, one class has about 10 students.
Of more than 800 midsize and large companies surveyed by Disco, 48 percent say they plan to recruit non-Japanese college graduates.
In Ms. Sears’s classroom at Woodman Elementary in Dover, the three or four groups of students rotate throughout the day.
This is the worst time in the history of legal education to go to law school.
In a flipped classroom, teachers make videos of their lectures introducing new concepts and assign them as homework.
At the University of Florida，61 percent of students change their majors by the end of their second year.
He immediately settled down and became a more earnest, attentive student ― a little bit more like Perry, who also took Adderall for his A.D.H.D.
In the firm’s annual listing of the World’s Top 50 Universities under 50, published last week, the five top spots were taken by Asian universities.
Rigorous Schools Put College Dreams Into Practice.
They can’t get rid of the exam until there’s quality control at the high school level.
At a lab at Columbia, she was able to look at what happens when a cell’s primary cilium is disrupted by a foreign agent.
When meeting with Google subordinates, Mayer came across like a “meticulous art teacher correcting first-semester students.”
Officials see Providence Talks as just one part of a larger educational strategy.
The session on Chinese students’ names was a hot item at the annual conference of Nafsa. 
There was huge pressure to get into a good school.
Calls to school counselors to help students having emotional episodes in class have dropped from routine to nearly nonexistent.
College attendance has increased in the past decade.
In the United States, more academic early education has spread rapidly in the past decade.
Over the last decade or so, the central debate in the field of early-childhood education has been between two groups.
In the past few years, I’ve taught nonfiction writing to undergraduates and graduate students at Harvard.
The pattern of the last few decades, in which higher education costs grew much faster than incomes.
And for the past two years, school counselors have met one on one with every student at registration time.
In five of the last six years, it has topped the Princeton Review survey asking high school seniors to name their “dream college”.
At Harvard, such students paid only $1,300 a year.
AT Harvard’s conference in February ― the Super Bowl of MUN, attended by some 5,000 students.
Schools frequently inform them when their children are sick and before performing health checks.
At Leibniz University Hanover,student fees made up about 4% of the university budget in 2011，according to the administration.
In Washington, finalists are judged by scientists from universities across the country.
Every student and teacher in 18 of Guilford County’s 24 middle schools would receive one, 15,450 in all.
In California and Texas, public universities are unusually welcoming to transfer students.
And as in California, where Udacity has worked with San Jose State University to offer three basic math courses ― now paused.
The approach was used school wide at Garfield Elementary, in Oakland, Calif.
He was not among the top-ranked engineering applicants to the University of California, Berkeley.
Classroom hours is not the cornerstone of newer institutions.
Do a very poor job communicating when teaching math.
What do you hate about teaching?
In the high-performing countries, the tests exist to hold the students accountable, rather than the teachers.
In education, a lot of what is effective depends on your goal and how you measure it.
Over the course of the following year, nearly 11,000 students and almost 500 teachers participated in our study.
For 48 hours, they leave SEED’s protected, grassy campus to return to their neighborhoods
Of this year's 26,000 applicants to Princeton, 13 percent, or 3,477 students, submitted only ACT scores.
For the academic year that starts this September, the university has accepted 380 foreign students in its English-language medicine, dentistry and pharmacy programs.
Perhaps 1 percent of this year’s graduates will complete a concentration in vocational courses, she said, compared with 40 percent a decade ago.
In the world of museum educators, learning today is all about do-it-yourself.
Nowadays, with so many college loans, it’s tough to go into teaching.
Before taking a practice test, the students read a short note explaining that the study’s purpose was to examine the effects of stress on cognition.
There is a heavy representation of Asian-Americans among top colleges’ competitive applicants.
Before the opening, we were contacted by the museum’s education department.
You can watch any time after the lecture is released.
Under his teacher’s influence， he now dreamed of critiquing Chinese consumerism and materialism in his own sculptures.
Many Chinese schools have sprung up in towns along the Laos-China border.
In exploiting the word university, he is in good company.
A couple of years ago, he taught classes on early American literature at the University of Texas at Arlington. 
In the other section, you can test your knowledge in an interactive quiz.
In another study, not yet published, Bunge found improvements in college students preparing to take the LSAT.
At Wellesley, she began writing for the school newspaper, and in the summer of 1961 she was a summer intern in the Kennedy White House. 
Each semester I hope, and fear, that I will have nothing to teach my students because they already know how to write.
There is no single solution to what ails higher education in the U.S.
In the United States, the effort to put some rigor into education research began in 2002.
And in most American prekindergartens and kindergartens, behaviorism, in some form, is still the dominant method.
It’s no secret that Asian-Americans are disproportionately stars in American schools, and even in American society as a whole.
At an elite Northeastern college, Walton, along with another Stanford researcher named Geoffrey Cohen, conducted an experiment.
There is a common perception in the United States that education systems in Asia rely heavily on rote memorization.
At the University of Michigan, there are 53% more administrators than faculty, and similar ratios can be found at other institutions.
What happened at Middlebury was this.
At some point, 15 years or 17 years of education will make more sense as a universal goal.
Pills that have been a staple in some college and graduate school circles are going from rare to routine in many academically competitive high schools. 
In part, Dr. Schleicher sees Ahelo as a response to the rising influence of university rankings.
To the extent that the Stanford researchers shared a unifying vision.
It makes no sense to suffer through a major.
During that period, the psychology department at Stanford had become a hotbed of new thinking on the psychology of education.
There, Advanced Placement classes and SAT preparation were rare.
In those race-blind states, highly selective public colleges vary widely.
Then women on campus, including Ms. Stapleton, the researcher, led protest marches. 
In a discussion after Ms. Niazi’s presentation, Lawrence H. Summers, the economist and former Harvard president, was more cautious.
One interesting observation in your work is that the two countries once used similar approaches to teach math.
In your country, in New Zealand, do kids still do a lot of fitness actually in school?
In New York, the university is fighting a lawsuit from opponents.
At Public School 156 in Brownsville, Brooklyn, which enrolls mostly African-American and Hispanic children.
There’s a lot of teaching in the grading process.
Administrators had been completely objective in their evaluation of inBloom.
I even learned a thing or two while reviewing it.
Here in Providence, where more than 85 percent of public school students are eligible for federally subsidized lunches.
When something goes wrong a light bulb will go off in students’ heads, they will recognize what they are seeing and will remember what to do. 
Last fall, the top school was the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.
There are millions students like her throughout colleges in America.
On university campuses across the country, from Mizzou to Yale, we have two noble forces colliding with explosive force.
At high schools across the United States, pressure over grades and competition for college admissions are encouraging students to abuse prescription stimulants.
At the nation’s most selective institutions, discounts are usually reserved for low- and middle-income students, and a third to a half of students pay the full sticker price.
In the Japanese education system, girls in primary and middle school face little discrimination.
Students and families in today's economy fully understand that accessing postsecondary education or training is critical to their economic future.
When I took the entrance exam, I just answered the questions like a lottery form, sabotaging the entire test.
In Dr. Sexton’s 11 years as president, N.Y.U. has raised its profile. 
In the 1970s, researchers at the University of Pittsburgh developed software to diagnose complex problems in general internal medicine.
In that you can see whose graduates go on to make the most money.
Parents guide their children through the college-application process and college itself have to be something like venture capitalists.
Said in a statement that the school had reported the allegations
More than 50 schools in Yogyakarta Province have agreed to start using the organization’s curriculum.
Groups of eight students share a single cadaver for an autopsy, roughly once every two weeks said Ms. Moslehi, who has just finished her fifth year at Semmelweis.
In the most highly educated population, Americans lagged slightly behind the international averages in skills.
Both remaining unmarried and divorcing are more common among less-educated, lower-income people.
In such a devastated context, we are investing in higher education.
At Stanford, about 90 percent of undergraduate students take at least one computer programming class, compared with about half at Harvard.
More than 40 percent of American students who start at four-year colleges haven’t earned a degree after six years.
In any city location, there are urbanized locations in dense like our university’s campus.
He sees his role as taking to scale the best practices that emerge from this contest.
In his view, the technology ― though imperfect ― has a place in educational settings.
Roughly 75 percent of 2,462 teachers surveyed said that the Internet and search engines do more good than harm on student research skills.
The association persisted even after adapting to race, education, smoking and other health and socioeconomic factors.
After hearing the presentation, Jill Wynns, the commissioner of the Board of Education expressed some apprehension.
It is as bad as other elite schools.
At Thomas Edison and the other such colleges, almost all students are over 21.
There are almost as many routes to a Thomas Edison State College degree as there are students.
At the flagship campus in Madison,the equivalent net cost was $6,000.
For Vygotsky, the real purpose of early-childhood education was not to learn content.
To me, the success of Asian-Americans is a tribute to hard work, strong families and passion for education.
On my last day, they all secretly planned to sing me a song that was an inside joke from our nicer moments.
During our stilted radio conversations, he dispenses such wisdom.
Thousands of teachers are experimenting with flipping their classrooms in elementary schools, law schools and everything in between.
Those engaging with online education mostly have not been the young people who might benefit most from the free coursework.
What it means for American students is the smallest part of it, This is going to take a lot of working out.
With just one year of elementary education left,fifth graders' parents will struggle with choosing a high school for them.
At the University of Cincinnati, undecided students can enroll in an exploratory studies program.
In Hungary, in four universities offering medical and dental programs in English, 42 percent of international students are studying in health-related fields.
In formal contexts calling for expository speech like seminars, TV discussions and classroom debates, men talk more often and for longer.
To many professors, this pattern simply represents the natural winnowing process that takes place in higher education.
They are rewarded with discounts for making healthy choices and eating at school more frequently.
Among students with high scores on the math portion of the SAT, boys cited their desire to major in the physical sciences, engineering or computers.
In another group, students might be able to draw the models on their own in the process of learning the decimal unit.
In high school, no one gave a damn to you, but here, they really care about you.
At school Tessa didn’t want to touch anybody or anything.
In schools, I’ve heard several teachers lament.
He teaches a class on law, race and literature.
That’s a luxury that doesn’t exist within the school system.
There are two older Holocaust education centers in East Asia, both in Japan.
She was surprised to meet several Chinese girls at a party organized by her English teacher.
In a written statement, the University of Michigan cited a long list of programs it operates in disadvantaged communities.
Parenting in a pathologically competitive, information-saturated city can make anyone crazy.
Tuition never caught on in a country where open education is seen as a key to social and economic progress.
College isn’t just about making better engineers but about making better citizens, ones whose eyes have been opened to the sweep of history and the spectrum of civilizations.
Leela, who works for an education nonprofit, and her attorney husband Peter, burst into smiles.
At a prestigious university，they determine his sentence. 
For the second time in a row, students from Shanghai scored No. 1 on a global education test.
Consolidating and analyzing data that the district already collects just makes common sense to some educators.
Some schools have made exploration official.
Some study rooms have flat-screen monitors that students can plug their tablets or computers into and use to collaborate on projects.
As one of a group of college sophomores informed me, “Guys will say, ‘A hand job is a man job, a blow job is yo’ job’ ”.
In the UK, these schools are called public schools.
Seventy-one percent of parents with a college degree say they do it every day.
In a paper in PLoS One written with Caroline Prouvost is also at the University of California, San Diego.
It really makes my heart warm to go and have some social time with the students at the end of a long course.
Yang Wei’s parents often spent this time crowding around school bulletin boards.
In the program, parents and teachers will get increasingly detailed reports.
There isn't a lot of one-on-one interaction in such courses.
Here, if they don’t get it, you have to teach it again.
By both measures, Michigan ranks near the bottom, a fact that the university cited in discussing its low number of disadvantaged students.
During the last week proponents of unfettered speech and intellectual freedom draw attention to instances in which debate is circumscribed.
Three years at the institute promise a unique opportunity that no other major university can match.
The school's growth was a remarkable transformation when most rural schools had withered.
Content seemed not to matter much at all, in the teacher's eye.
In this study, they mostly are black, Latino or first-generation.
Based on these measures, they closed some schools.
Among other universities, Harvard has resisted student pressure for divestment.
The tribunal found Mr. Wells “responsible for rape” and expelled him. 
In an economy that rewards knowledge, the academic struggles of boys turn into economic struggles.
In a country where private schooling is often seen as a key to success.
I am not top of my class, not at a top-10 law school, but I’m confident I’m going to have a meaningful career because of this program.
In Ms. Zheng’s classes, the respect levels are kicked up a notch.
In China, teachers don’t earn a lot either, but it’s at least a very honorable career.
In mainland China, there have been widespread debates over the education system.
In China’s best schools, a big chunk is spent learning from peers and personal development.
After two years on the traveling team at Yale, she became frustrated with all the politicking and petty tactics.
Under financial pressure, many schools have already farmed out the teaching of classes to low-paid adjuncts.
Across the hall, math teachers were methodically proceeding with minimal discussion through the checklist of tablet skills.
Mr.Schaeffer was struck by recent research on how few high-achieving low-income students apply to top colleges.
To make a decision, physicians must combine logic and knowledge with their pattern-matching instincts.
Earlier posts included pictures of students against the same plain gray wall with the school seal and the letters U.N.N.J.
In 1927, Harvard invited nine colleges to a simulation of the League of Nations.
During Harvard’s 1980 conference, guests at Boston’s Park Plaza complained of general partying among the 1,700 delegates.
To push through mountains of rote, impersonal material as early as preschool.
How to teach students using the new standards.
James Betts is an author of the study and an associate professor of nutrition and metabolism at the University of Bath in England.
James Bryant Conant was president of Harvard from 1933 to 1953.
James liked his job in the admissions office of a large university. 
StrategyFactor is a firm to advise companies in the education market.
Zhang Gan is vice dean of Tsinghua’s Academy of Arts and Design and a leader of the Tsinghua-Sotheby’s initiative.
Chang and his research team took blood samples from 779 students who had recently taken the Basic Competency Test in three regions of Taiwan.
Chun-Yen Chang is director of the Science Education Center at National Taiwan Normal University.
Cecilia Sin-Sze Cheung is from the University of California, Riverside.
Zhang Qiao has decided on the international stream of the state-run No. 80 High School.
Ms. Zhang says state-run Chinese schools will teach better Chinese and demand of students an old-fashioned respect for their elders.
Education in Scotland has long been run differently from the rest of Britain. 
Preschoolers shown educational media were more likely to engage in certain forms of interpersonal aggression over time.
University officials have long trumpeted economic diversity as a goal.
The American political class has long held that higher education is vital to individual and national success.
Recruit highly motivated college graduates to work in their country’s most underprivileged schools.
Employers test their knowledge of world affairs and their general professional aptitudes through a battery of questions.
Recruiting a “critical mass” of minority students is beneficial to schools.
Among those that enroll full-time older students are Tufts, Brown, Mount Holyoke, Smith, Wellesley, Bryn Mawr, the University of Pennsylvania, Columbia and Yale.
Recruiting more top low-income students will probably force colleges to spend less elsewhere.
The philosopher John Dewey argued against the development of purely vocational elementary schools.
The eight schools have a single-test admittance policy.
This book blurt out passages about everything from birth, baby minding and child rearing to education, work and discipline.
It is about 40 percent more than the previous education and youth programs combined.
This shows that Asia is set to become the future global powerhouse of higher education and research.
It was at 'odds with our aspiration to have the best-educated, most competitive work force in the world.'
That does not justify PISA’s portrayal of Shanghai as a model of educational equity.
It is not part of the local curriculum.
It’s not as if there is one school where this is the culture. This is the culture.
This is not to suggest that we shouldn’t increase access to preschool.
This is not typical of Taiwanese colleges.
It's not to help their executives purchase vacation homes.
The study recruited 268 Harvard sophomores.
This becomes the first school in the United States.
They are to learn about what their kids were eating.
This has led to the rise of certification schemes from within the higher education world.
The time is between the posting of the questions and the deadline.
The couple pays $100 per hourlong session with their trainer.
It is also a better way to teach slower learners, giving them more teacher attention and personalized instruction.
The brothers said they were tired of the university’s “clunky” online catalog.
Last semester, 1,840 students ― more than a third of the undergraduate student body ― used it to choose their courses, the brothers said.
The study revealed about how inadequately low-income students are represented at selective colleges and universities.
This special report found that about half of 704 employers in the study said they had trouble finding recent college graduates qualified to fill positions at their company.
The idea is perhaps the most tangible example of what museum education is about these days.
The company asks them to provide results from graduate-school entrance tests and grade-point averages along with their work history. 
Corner offices in this country teem with C.E.O.s who didn’t do their undergraduate work in the Ivy League.
This process often begins in college. 
The decision urged schools to follow the guidelines.
The curriculum had to be tested first.
This wasn't a class on math or English.
The curriculum compromises my rights.
The course only began last year.
Is that enough reason for schools or the government to step in with a solution?
This exercise presents the parable of a happy fisherman.
The boarding school named Choate Rosemary Hall is in Connecticut.
“Everyone in school either has a prescription or has a friend who does,” the boy said.
As she’s writing her college application essays this fall, she’s “coming out” in them ― and we think that’s a bad idea.
The salon is to discuss everything from neuroscience to technology to bilingualism in child-rearing.
This lab claims a following of millions of users, but mostly outside the schools.
The world only cares, and will only pay for, what you can do with what you know.
The Providence Talks program will be based on research by Betty Hart and Todd R. Risley at the University of Kansas.
It’s a system that is kind of similar to the Asian upbringing. 
The genius entered college at 9.
The answer to that question is in school.
The question has been the subject of intense debate among scholars and educators since December.
Could this student with a story full of stressors and remedial-level writing skills survive in a college writing course?
The degree course offers two study streams.
The school hosts village-level workshops.
This is created by the L.G.B.T. Resource Center at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee. 
It is not about creating an intellectual space.
It has nothing to do with learning.
That still wasn't good enough to get me into Brown, which was what I wanted.
It depends a lot on the teachers and the way they teach.
This might explain why young, poor boys have particular trouble in school.
The company, often called the N.C.A.A. of college hackathons.
The company ranks colleges based on their students’ overall performance during fall and spring. 
That would have compared schools that had changed times with similar schools that had not.
This will mean choosing a major carefully , going to a less expensive community college or skipping college altogether to learn a trade.
It forces the colleges to lower their admit rates.
This enhances of its core teaching and research missions.
Go to college to get a well-rounded education and worry about the job market after graduation. 
Which is why, concludes Kopp, investing in smart schools and kids pays so many more dividends than smart bombs.
That's why schools around the world should be careful.
That’s why, in my opinion, we in the States don’t teach elementary math in an efficient way.
That gives students some of the virtues and perks of private schools.
It is like a university built by industry.
That may dog them through their lives ― in education, job hunting and even medical care.
It could be the first day of preschool, the time the cat died.
This can involve a combination of traditional higher education courses with innovations . 
This is grade-school stuff.
This app, too, has lessons covering different subjects.
Sucn move that vastly improve the odds that a student will actually graduate, and will do so in four years.
Such programs may someday bypass higher education entirely, testing and certifying people's skills regardless of how they obtained them.
It’s not like other countries, with better secondary school programs.
The schools here are incredible.
A widely discussed series of events there included the demand for a so-called trigger warning to students who might be upset reading “Antigone”.
It is home to a single major research university, the University of Washington. 
College entrance exams that promote rote memorization at the expense of critical thinking are a national obsession for both countries.
The two tests predict college performance equally well.
In their own ways, both organizations are striving to produce something beyond a college admissions test.
The two colleges are both in New Jersey.
The six universities from the United States include the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which retained its top spot from last year.
The plug-and-play curriculum provides teachers with grade-appropriate emotional-skills lessons.
This isn't a ghettoized offering from the extension school.
They released the app early, five weeks into the course.
The course could cross many academic disciplines.
The course was developed by a nonprofit organization.
The class rarely progressed past the basics and never required homework.
The “Justice” course is launching March 12 as the first humanities offering on the M.I.T.-Harvard edX online learning platform.
A ruling in the case, involving the University of Texas, is expected sometime before late June.
The issue came to light Friday, after one parent in Xi'an found her daughter had brought home a prescription flu pill.
The group is as harmoniously balanced as a university diversity committee. 
This concerns Sandra Stotsky, a professor emerita in the University of Arkansas’s Department of Education Reform.
It lets them know about how they prepare students for the job search and for career success. 
It just makes teaching a very joyful experience.
It makes it more like its competitor, the ACT.
It is a school in Buckinghamshire.
It's five times the $300 average at local universities.
Bergmann and his fellow chemistry teacher Aaron Sams call it in their book.
The gift is donated by the Morningside Foundation and directed to a relatively small part of the university.
It is according to a study due to be published in 2014 in School Psychology Review.
It was about her college search process.
It’s one of the most striking transformations in higher education over the last quarter-century.
It is Nina Eliasoph’s Sociology 250 syllabus of the University of Southern California.
It’s a post-apocalyptic 2045, and students have to study different civilizations to come up with a way for society to rebuild itself.
It is the first time their teacher has seen that many in her long career.
It’s about educating our work force to make no assumptions about why one would use it.
Its a university-level class.
It’s part of a tiny, wholly unrelated business and computer school whose other office is in Anaheim.
The treatment re-educated hyperactive immune systems of allergy patients by giving them minute doses of peanut every day.
This is a group of hundreds of professors who, in joining, have pledged to support a diversity of viewpoints at colleges and universities. 
The program was designed to increase their time with educational programming that encourages empathy.
It's the school's biggest selling point.
This will be the first time a Chinese university has a physical spot in the U.S.
It’s the defining question for college students.
The school also admits the top 7 percent of students from high schools in Brownsville and the Third Ward of Houston.
The university built a one-level basement concourse.
The university declined to comment for this article.
Instead, the university brought the case before its tribunal.
The regional university became a widely admired global research university.
The school had been designated as among the worst 5 percent in Michigan.
All of its classes are now taught this way.
The university was so exceptional it did not exist.
The university was so exceptional.
With around 40,000 students, the Politecnico di Milano is the largest and most prestigious technical university in Italy.
The school uses videos from the Khan Academy, TED and other sources.
The school is free and its acceptance rates rival Harvard's.
This school is located in Hackney, a gritty district in the East End of London.
The school has become a magnet for the high-achieving offspring of Chinese, Polish and Bengali immigrants.
The school also uses audio files and readings as homework.
The school is in collaboration with Trinity College.
This school was enormously popular with hyper-motivated New Yorkers.
This school is pushing its students to understand business and technology so that they can advise entrepreneurs in coming fields.
The college will still offer aid to talented students, but only to the extent covered by its $39 million endowed scholarship funds.
The school has also become one of the most highly sought destinations at Stanford.
The unidentified 23-year-old victim was not a Stanford student.
At 5 feet 6 inches, the bespectacled 21-year-old comes across as unintimidating, but as Harvard’s head delegate he is a force.
The recipient, Maryam Mirzakhani, is a professor at Stanford.
The Rutgers freshman killed himself after being recorded by his college roommate being intimate with a man. 
Her formatting had been imprecise, the teacher told her,and there was a problem with spacing.
On his tablet, the teacher moves a green-coded female student next to a red-and-yellow coded boy.
The senior research fellow at Oxford speaks with cautious enthusiasm about brain stimulation and its potential to help children with math difficulties.
The former student brought a civil case against Aldwickbury.
This financial assistance led colleges and universities to raise tuition and fees to absorb the resources now available to their students.
The bill seeks to give the city power over admissions.
The exercise was divided into levels.
The experiment is part of a new wave of attention on the lack of socioeconomic diversity at top colleges.
This amount is behind 246 early college high schools,
The quality of his prekindergarten programs would be “above and beyond what currently exists in New York City”.
The study could be used as a supplement to the university’s ambitious 15-year strategic plan.
The study certainly suggests that a college education needs to be broad and general.
The new study is beginning to receive attention among scholars and college officials. 
These proportional changes can tell us the degree to which average college admissions for high school students in America are difficult or variable.
Those developments paint a worrying picture for British universities.
The facilities and amenities including offices, retail outlets, courtyards, a medical clinic and the university gymnasium.
The participants shaped the content.
Those successes have made the D.school the envy of universities around the world.
Only seven simulated the actual United Nations.
These colleges are almost like new entrants into the national higher-education market.
These may help them as students and in the domain of education.
These changes have been driven by women's increasing education and labor force participation, new gender roles, and the rise of what social scientists call assortative mating.
There has been some resistance to the changes, but by and large, education boards across Japan are accepting them.
The reforms increase the role of market forces ― choice, competition, the profit motive ― in education.
With these nomad students in higher education, whose students are they?
None of those jobs require a bachelor’s degree.
These children were rated among the most creative 5 percent in their school system.
These actions were reported to the Education Ministry rather than the local authorities.
Those returns underscore the importance of efforts to reduce the college dropout rate, such as those at the University of Texas.
There are usually two parents, who spend a lot of time reading to children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules.
The educational companies make up more than half the local tutorial market.
None of this is to say that a better educational system isn’t desirable. 
These developments are creating a test of whether colleges mean what they say about meritocracy and diversity.
These actions included ensuring that colleges comply with the law and develop effective policies, and he pledged to offer more support.
Scientists' knowledge outside their fields is sometimes outstripped by many of the finalists.
The lessons do not involve traditional computer language.
And that was among motivated students who want to go to college, from all sorts of schools.
The group had an abundance of passion, skill and advanced degrees to draw upon.
These male students come from a narrow network of prep schools.
These younger participants are not just crashing collegiate hackathons.
They contribute to skewed scores in favor of the wealthy.
The chart-busting score aroused suspicion. 
They are likely to want to go to college.
These teenagers say they get them from friends, buy them from student dealers or fake symptoms to their parents and doctors to get prescriptions.
Their institutions spend so much time and energy chasing.
These are typically immigrants concerned about the educational opportunities of their children. 
They are often left feeling as outsiders in ways that damage everyone’s education.
61 percent of those are placed in jobs and postsecondary education.
The thoughts are from the N.Y.U. faculty.
These figures come from the annual survey of education from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or O.E.C.D.
These problems are not confined to boarding schools.
These questions are relatively low poverty rate in Virginia, or the level of help they get from state governments.
These programs might be especially important for schools that aren’t in the top education tier.
These campuses include Penn State, University at Albany and University of Chicago.
These campuses include University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, and University of California, Riverside.
Most of the dormitories are in downtown areas, some even a few blocks from the school's main campus.
Students who contended not only with failing schools but also with the risks of their neighborhood during the nonschool hours.
Those students fit into a fast-growing and lucrative niche in higher education.
The money these students bring helps subsidize education for domestic students
These students lack exposure to people who say there is a difference among colleges.
These students can actually graduate at high rates from an elite university like the University of Texas.
These students are taking a business management class.
These students attended schools to compared with large numbers of well-off white students.
Students sat at a terminal in the school computer lab.
These schools had been dominated by male students for decades years.
Their former students dominate many spheres of British life, and half the members of the cabinet were privately educated.
The schools would offer discounts.
Those school educating an estimated 100,000 students.
These schools are the jewels in the crown for our public school system.
The schools use some aggressive marketing techniques.
Those schools may be a more suitable place.
Foreign teachers hired by these schools, are often through agencies whose decisions and finances are opaque.
The schools often encourage students to attend tutorials as well.
The exercises take aim at students worries about whether they're respected, whether their teachers think they're dumb, whether they belong.
The researchers controlled for every factor they could think of, including parents' education and income.
These are things that Americans recognize that our schools need to teach.
The drinks are shipped to schools.
These events, held on campuses, are perpetuating one of the more controversial tenets of Silicon Valley.
These long-term effects included housing, employment and educational achievements of the assisted households.
It remains to be not seen whether these guidelines, aimed at provincial education departments, will be adopted or ignored.
Those states concern that teachers’ expectations for students were shaped by the initial groupings, confining students to rigid tracks.
In each of these states, the selective public universities stepped up their efforts to recruit disadvantaged students.
Villages like it have poor school facilities and a paucity of well-trained teachers.
The cleansing would be good for a higher education system still tied to its medieval origins.
It's a message woven through his lectures.
Such a step would require an increase in these colleges’ financial aid spending.
It took months, but eventually the administration started making the changes that are in place today.
That student may apply to those schools.
The admissions policy was adopted by most selective colleges and universities.
The discount not only increased enrollment but, ultimately, brought in more money.
So that students will learn more math in English.
So, we were not able to accumulate teaching experience.
So that it was no mere mimic of all those other, lesser collegiate waterways.
Is that wise or is this tantamount to the commodification of the academy?
It really depends on the school.
That requires long-term thought, akin to the studiously elite admissions policies and research skills.
Too often, that means skipping the humanities.
This achievement helped Dr. Lev obtain faculty at the university.
Colleges have globalized over the generation.
That finding seemed to contradict recent concerns that poor language skills.
One of its principal advocates was the Oxford ecologist Charles Elton.
This activity re-imagined the school food system.
The model is being tried out in Newark.
All this has led many private schools to try to discourage parents from comparing E.R.B. scores.
The group includes community-college graduates.
It's a fact that has often been used to attack claims about innate ability or merit.
This piece displays a callous lack of understanding of sexual violence and its effect on survivors in educational institutions.
The new service will bring the educational consortium into a growing conflict over the role of automation in education.
It likes private day schools last month.
In part because it’s hard to assess the effect of previous knowledge.
Which is exactly why the giant educational experiment now taking place there has meaning well beyond the Austin campus.
It put the kibosh on his plans to attend the university.
The college-or-not debate neglects other questions.
This back-and-forth is indicative of the wider effort to promote sex education.
The method can also demand more teacher time before and after class to make sure every student gets personal attention.
The division marches off to college.
What’s really cool about this atmosphere is that it’s pretty easy to say Screw it when it comes to schoolwork.
This “blended model” combining online lectures with a teacher-led classroom experience was the ideal.
This educational entrepreneurship offers hope that creative destruction is coming to higher education.
This old departmental structure is still fundamental at universities, and it is hard to change.
This expenditure is more consistent with top colleges' self-image and mission.
The test is not the best way to fully assess whether students are ready for higher learning.
These classes are often referred to as dual-credit courses.
And small classes only face honors students. 
The rapid change has won Dr. Sexton many admirers, both at N.Y.U. and throughout higher education. 
This virtue starts with the willingness to share knowledge and give others credit.
This trend has surprised education experts who believed the outcry had all but ended its use.
A dearth of expertise in the disorder, the argument goes, gives a false impression of scarcity. 
This is a tuition structure designed to ensure a high rate of success and revenues for the school.
It’s a guided approach to building that empathy muscle until, pretty soon, they are out there doing it on their own.
This advantage appears to increase with the number of years of education.
That dominance came from their science-focused curriculums.
The game had its share of elementary-school drama.
It’s manifest in students’ interactions with colleges even before they enroll.
The efforts are also inextricable from subtler, more pervasive dynamics of caution and conformity in our classrooms and schools.
It’s enough to create a wave of questions about whether a college education is still worth it.
This very statistic underscores the depth of the nation’s educational deficit.
The building is now the school's biggest profit center.
The house was bought with a $600,000 loan from an N.Y.U. foundation.
It now has about 2,400 students from kindergarten through high school, a 10 percent increase from a year ago.
The school is fixing on raising its gaokao success rate.
A broad ruling against the University of Texas affirmative action program could cause colleges to take into account various socioeconomic measures.
Public policies aimed at young children have helped, including public preschool programs and reading initiatives. 
Jeannie Oakes is the author of “Keeping Track: How Schools Structure Inequality,” a popular critique of grouping.
Great teachers help to activate a small thing that breeds great minds: thirst.
The number who are actually prepared for it is much more limited.
Immigrants have joined with native-born conservatives across the West to restrict these public-health teachings.
An entire floor of the Chinese opera will be dedicated to education and training in Cantonese opera.
The entire building is scheduled to go into operation in 2015 and will also be leased by pace university for 30 years.
Is positive stereotyping a factor when Asian-Americans are applying to a college, or after they get in?
As Mr. Fall said, “colleges can’t be either/or anymore ― a trade school or a liberal arts college.
Teacher are going from "sage on the stage" to "guide on the side", as many education writers put it.
As a result, they are paid around $24,000 less than their counterparts in New Jersey.
Sharp cuts are in government financing of universities.
The government would eliminate the cap on the number of students a university could accept in 2015, also adding to the increase.
The government caps the amount of tuition that universities can charge.
The state is listening to widespread dissatisfaction among parents about corruption  in the education system.
Then he served as headmaster of two of Britain’s most famous educational institutions.
She had been on the Stanford Junior Olympics diving team, but during the trial, she became too anxious to dive.
Pro-divestment activists blockaded the entrance to the school’s administrative offices.
Only 30 percent gained admission to a college matching their academic qualifications.
Only 39 percent of first-generation students graduated in four years, compared with 60 percent whose parents both graduated from college.
Only Britt’s group was wrestling with the big questions that resonated in the details of the tablet training.
Few of them have taken a direct path to higher education.
Only a few selected people can go to the best and the others go to the maybe less good universities.
I feel that China’s basic education is also very good,said Ms. Ma, who only offered her surname.
The University of Chicago may have the most rigorous prep.
DePaul University in Chicago offers 24 more majors than it did in 2002, for a total of 98.
Knowledge goes to die. 
Executive function might hold the answers to some of the most vexing questions in education today.
Laude’s experience teaching Chemistry 301 convinced him that they could succeed and even excel at the University of Texas.
Until recently, even within the admissions community, the ACT was to a degree the stepchild of the SAT.
Until years later, during university, when I found myself coming out to 30 or 40 people at once onstage in a drama class.
His educational theories and methods were, until recently, little known in the United States.
It is notably Texas A&M and the University of Georgia, but Michigan’s legacy program continues.
To reshape Canadian demographics by funneling well-educated, skilled workers through the university system.
That, anyway, is the premise of Designing Your Life, a class taught at Stanford University.
As for why campus employment would matter, Mr. Kwai hypothesized that having a job could make a student feel more a part of the institution.
Manufacturing companies are working with online schools and community colleges to create 'stackable certificates'.
The psychologist treating Michael referred his parents to Dan Waschbusch, a researcher at Florida International University.
Middle-class and wealthy Chinese parents are spending large sums of money to try to bolster their children’s chances of getting into a respected college abroad.
Secondary and postsecondary educators can not fulfill their economic mission to help youths and adults become successful workers.
Educators in both secondary and postsecondary institutions have cultural and political missions.
China ruled them for 1,000 years ― not least when it comes to education.
Universities in China have not traditionally offered courses in the business of art.
In China, the universities are better.
The education system is also extremely competitive and builds a lot of drive and ambition to achieve things.
Elite Chinese schools have yet to reach the same placement levels.
China's school curriculum is overly focused on rote memorization. 
But even many Chinese educators are dismayed by the country’s obsession with stellar test results.
Even as cram schools have proliferated across urban areas, Maotanchang is a world apart.
A Chinese education does not prepare most students to study abroad.
China's Ministry of Education is very keen to test students in other provinces.
Chinese education could not compete yet with more interactive education in the West.
Health practices in China's education system vary drastically from the U.S.
The booming economy of China means that more families can pursue the dream of an American higher education.
The Chinese educational notion of guan provides supports that parents beat their kids.
The Chinese educational notion of guan roughly means 'to control' in English.  
The Chinese have been some of the most vocal in pointing out that the education system is bad.
Chinese students ace examinations in educational establishments around the world. 
Chinese schools tend to grade on a far less generous curve than American high schools.
Chinese schools increasingly are offering international streams.
China still has many mediocre schools that need fixing.
The test is administered at only a few schools in the country.
China’s best universities were also advertising their courses.
The Chinese style “predicts enhanced achievement among children,” meaning higher grades.
Primary and secondary school students in the site through a similar video game software to watch lectures, refine and improve their skills.
Schools have been required to provide "health education" since 2008.
The racial demographics exists in eight specialized schools.
Dong Xiaoyu, the dean of journalism at Southwest University in Chongqing, analyzed this prompt on Chongqing Daily’s Weibo account. 
The goal at the end of this educational push is access for their children to American colleges.
It's how you spend your college life that counts.
What’s important is that the substance is taught to the students.
State education officials note that last year Clintondale had a large influx of students from Detroit.
State universities affect their socioeconomic mix by deciding how often to admit out-of-state students.
For years, the state government has put less and less money into the university system.
On Tuesday afternoon, they led a full house of international educators through unfamiliar phrasing.
The ACT college entrance exam was canceled on Saturday for thousands of students in South Korea and Hong Kong.
Min Zhou is a professor of sociology at the University of California at Los Angeles.
At an afternoon vigil at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Sunday, Aaron Swartz, was remembered  by a handful of students who attended.
Teachers think commonly that students’ constant use of digital technology hampers their attention spans according to two surveys teachers take part in on Thursday.
There were the names of $200-an-hour tutors floating around, but people didn’t admit to using them.
On Monday, the actor Viggo Mortensen will read Camus’s landmark speech “The Human Crisis” at the Miller Theater at Columbia University.
On Mondays and Fridays, they attend a Pilates class.
Julie Phillips is an associate professor of sociology at Rutgers University.
Julia Galef has a statistics degree from Columbia University.
The mainstream education system is leaving students behind in creativity and competitiveness.
The main character was educated at Princeton and once well employed in New York.
Major competitors are scrambling to get in on the sales bonanza created by what educators call “1:1 technology programs”.
Mostly Chinese need to improve their English before matriculating at the university.
Experts and journalists spend so much time talking about the limitations of education.
Experts say any future increases will probably need to come among this group as well, given its growth potential.
Patent laws protect intellectual property.
Majors themselves are a small part of the college equation. 
Expertise is the enemy of imagination.
attracting the families who are motivated to fill out the paperwork to apply to the school.
Transfers accounted for 25 percent at Texas-Austin, and well under 20 percent at Michigan.
Seek out new knowledge and experiences: learn something new just for the sake of learning.
The Curriculum for Excellence does demand more from teachers.
And the consultants warned that cutting tuition would cut the freshman class in half.
Mr. Zver was minister for education in Slovenia, from 2004 to 2008, in a center-right government.
Their children converged in generally performing well in school.
Since a generation of feminists first raised these issues in the 1980s, several high-profile rapes happened in American campuses.
Since 2005, the University of Hong Kong has established a program to incorporate Cantonese opera into primary and secondary school curriculums.
Since 2009, 1,891 University of Vermont students have specified a preferred pronoun.
It decided to go coed after the 2012 class shrank a third. 
How much has changed in the United States in our approach toward elementary math since you first started studying it?
Since the stress reduction strategy was put in place.
It's so much better to run your own school.
Given her own awkward experiences in school, she had long wanted to offer support to female students.
The culture movement is a coalition as varied as Wikipedia contributors, Flickr photographers and online educators.
The top composite score will be 1,600.
The learning complex would include the university’s main library, a museum, study rooms, cafeterias and conference halls.
The learning complex is designed for both learning and socializing.
The learning complex consists of a group of interconnected caverns.
The current policy appears to be trying to “push” technology from universities to industry.
Historically seen as a quintessentially American degree, the Masters in Business Administration is coming of age in Germany.
Connie Chow pointed out that 29 percent of male college students major in math or science, compared with only 15 percent of female ones.
Day students struggled to connect socially at these schools.
Damningly, in those rare years an unusually high number of Asians were admitted to Harvard.
The most generous children were those who watched the teacher give but not say anything.
The Supreme Court puts pressure on colleges to try a class-based version instead.
The Supreme Court, too, endorsed race-neutral processes aimed at promoting educational diversity.
Of the best universities, most are in America.
The best professors would eventually need to focus even more on their role as mentors to students they worked with in person.
He ended up at U.T.-Chattanooga, on its honors track. 
Finally, on one of the last months of middle school, a peer played the song in class and almost the entire class laughed hysterically over it.
Recently it completed the first national study of college students who identify as something other than male or female.
The recent jump in college graduation mirrors similar increases in educational attainment during previous severe downturns.
Sgt. Richard Cournoyer has investigated a dozen sexual assault cases in the last few years involving University of Connecticut students. 
Over recent days the notices have gone out, an annual ritual of dashed hopes.
Richard Revesz recently ended a decade as the dean of New York University Law School.
The youngest baby boomers were still applying to college.
At a minimum, parents who want to give their children more room to roam shouldn’t be penalized by an overprotective state.
Three of the most renowned schools are Stuyvesant, the Bronx High School of Science and Brooklyn Tech.
Eventually, Mr. Snyder, 20, found a way to escape the bedroom: He matriculated at the University of Chicago.
McGill University seemed to get a lot of the votes and discussed details for Columbia’s own conference, in its eighth year.
It may finally offer a reasonable shot at harnessing the web to provide effective schooling to the many young Americans.
The most important thing is the teacher is somewhat demanding and sets high expectations.
The most common users are middle and high schoolers, and college students taking basic courses.
The most famous example is the study in a Kansas.
Georgia Tech is exceptionally important because it’s a prestigious institution offering an important degree at very low cost.
The school insisted on anonymity as a condition for participating in the study.
As the son of a working-class, he tried to find his way at a college steeped in Southern tradition.
As the Walker’s director of education, she also took on the title of curator of public practice.
As a low-income kid from a small town who entered college without an extended network.
The University of Washington, a public university, has one of the top computer science programs in the country.
Stanford, in Silicon Valley, has been the starting place for many well-regarded technology efforts, perhaps most notably Google.
