Except with the leave of the court, 
For the avoidance of doubt, 
For the purposes of this Ordinance, there,
The Registrar may, from time to time,
A person who, without reasonable excuse,
Provided, also, that nothing in this Ordinance shall affect,
The Court may, at any time,
The Legislative Council may, by resolution, vary,
This section applies to the following persons,
For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that,
at the trial, or,
the Authority, who shall be the chairman; and,
the time actually occupied by the trial,
To this end, the Parties may,
a licence is revoked by the Authority,
an application makes no written representations,
any person causing the obstructions,
as required by any conditions of the permit,
be exempt from the provisions of this Ordinance,
by a manufacturer of tobacco products,
contravenes subsection (12),
is found guilty by a tribunal,
order a person to produce documents,
published in the Gazette,
that offence is punishable with death,
the discharge of any of the duties imposed,
the remedial action required,
to comply with the requirements of section 11K,
to whom that interest has been assigned, or,
with reference to the type or class of vehicle,
Each large casting, such as an ash shoot,
could have been made under section 7,
does not comply with the provisions of this Ordinance, 
publishes or reproduces for reward, 
renounces probate of the will,
resigns his office under subsection (6),
seize, remove and detain ,
the person to whom it is payable,
the proceedings have not been concluded,
which does not result in the death of the employee,
a document enclosed in the package,
a person has contravened section 86,
amend or vary the conditions of a licence,
assisting the judge's management of the trial,
because there exist valid humanitarian grounds,
carries on a trade or business,
falsely pretends to be an authorized officer,
the grounds on which the judgment was based,
the judgment given by the judge, and,
wilfully obstructs, resists or delays,
has been found guilty of a disciplinary offence,
A leveraged foreign exchange trader shall,
A maintenance payer who,
A notice of application shall,
A notice under this Regulation may,
A person may serve on both Panels.
A person shall not with intent to deceive,
A pilot ladder shall be used only,
A question shall conform to the following rules,
A seditious intention is an intention,
A supervision order shall specify,
A suspension of vehicle licence order shall,
Accepting the members against the related regulations,
According to final judicial judgement,
All kinds of securities may be lodged in court.
Altering the legal representative thereof,
Any party to an appeal may,
Any person who knowingly attempts to seduce,
Any person who wilfully or negligently,
Any person who without lawful authority,
Any person who, with intent to deceive,
As regards any appeal notice,
As regards any geographical constituency,
At every election which is contested,
At the hearing of a complaint,
Before a writ is issued it must be indorsed,
Damaging military installations,
Driving license is not acquired,
Every application for a licence shall,
Every authorized institution shall,
Every breathing apparatus shall be,
Every insurer shall appoint,
Every licensee shall comply with,
Every mechanically propelled vessel shall,
Having been given a criminal punishment,
Having committed the act of smuggling,
Having the nationality of the people's Republic of China,
If a company having a share capital has,
If a dangerous drug which is in transit,
If a member reasonably believes that,
If an employer fails without reasonable excuse,
If an insurance intermediary is,
If any oil or mixture containing oil,
If it appears to the Board or President that,
If it appears to the Secretary for Security,
If it is satisfied that any member,
If the Authority is of the opinion,
If the Commissioner is satisfied,
If the Electoral Registration Officer is satisfied that,
If the Governor in Council considers,
Illegally entering the military restricted zone,
Illegally issuing any notarial certificate,
In every ship the electrical installation shall be such that,
In relation to sex discrimination,
Issuing stock publicly,
Issuing the fake warehouse receipts,
It Admits any member violating the related provisions,
It did not participate in the initial inquiry,
Leaking information on securities issuance in advance,
Misappropriating funds of the company,
No driver in a car park shall,
No officer of the Post Office shall,
No pawnbroker shall receive in pawn any goods,
No person shall, in a hospital,
Nothing in this Part affects,
accept the transfer statement,
after deducting the already paid principal,
an item directly to the payor bank,
applying for a tax reduction, exemption or refund,
cooperating in the formulation of the reform scheme,
directly manipulating the warrant price,
divulging State secrets,
having been retired from reserve service,
having come from a pestilence area,
having stopped a grave criminal activity of another person,
holders of invalid exit certificates,
if it is dissolved by law,
in a judicial proceeding,
intruding into another person's residence to rob,
it grossly violates laws or regulations,
keeping safe custody of fund assets,
misappropriating or stealing cultural relics of the state,
not implementing the settlement agreement,
any unit price stated therein,  the expiry date,
Ordering an immediate stop to the sales,
Output VAT collected from purchasers,
Owned by the foreign investors themselves,
Passing off the registered trademarks of others,
Paying the dividends of the preferred stocks,
Provision of services occurs within the territory,
Purpose of share buyback,
Smoke in no smoking area,
the capacity in which the seafarer is to be employed,
The company is unable to pay its debts.
the conditions subject to which licences are granted,
the period for which it is valid,
The provisions of this Ordinance are complied with.
The solicitor must certify,
the steering positions located on the navigating bridge.
the structure shall not exceed one storey in height.
There has been no break of service.
to adopt measures for the extension of the Association,
to apply for a case to be stated,
to conduct aerial surveys,
to empower the Commissioner,
to inspect any article,
to instruct more than one counsel,
to legal representation,
to make any bylaw or regulation,
to make bylaws under section 39,
[Duties to secured party not affected],
appeals to a Revising Officer,
appoint an acting Director,
be accompanied by the prescribed renewal fee,
by subjecting her to any other detriment,
conducting every examination of witnesses,
engage persons on a part time basis,
enter into any contract,
facilitating the personal appearance of witnesses,
for electing sidesmen,
gauging systems and alarms,
governing the discipline of students,
is issued to the public in Hong Kong,
is likely to cause a nuisance,
is no longer ordinarily resident in Hong Kong,
require the employer or occupier either,
specify the period within which the importation shall be effected,
to give effect to this Ordinance,
to make bylaws under section 28,
transfer deed stamps,
The function that he proposes to perform. 
The lessee's interest in a lease of real property. 
The number of shares held by each shareholder.
The other provisions of this Ordinance.
The person to whom any payment should be made.
Unlawful acts of sexual harassment.
It has lost its business creditworthiness.
Its business license is lawfully revoked.
The company has engaged in material illegal act.
The obligations were set off against each other.
The partner is personally insolvent.
The shareholders jointly prepare the articles of association.
There is capital contribution declared by the sole proprietor.
A statement of the financial affairs of the church.
Debts owed by the partnership.
Enact and issue antimonopoly guidelines.
The determination of such appeal.
The manner in which a vehicle may be used.
The person to whom it is payable.
Any other circumstance provided by law occurs.
Accompanied by a copy of this section.
Attempting to commit any of those offences.
The registration mark of the motor vehicle.
The better carrying out of this Ordinance.
The replacement of a drivingmachine brake.
Nothing in this Ordinance shall,
The Legislative Council may, by resolution, amend Schedule 4,
The Ombudsman shall have perpetual succession and,
its principle is conservative and unreasonable.
to legislate for the monitoring of each retirement scheme,
Any person also commits an offence if he,
The Parties shall endeavour,
is related in the case,
that it is harmful to national sovereignty,
the matters to be arbitrated,
the status of being a particular relative, 
to pledge foreign exchange in lien without authorization,
Appeals to be heard without delay,
Being subject to criminal punishments,
Impairing the lawful rights and interests of customers,
The production and sale of spurious drugs is prohibited.
It is forbidden to produce or sell inferior drugs.
The Customs is invested with the following powers,
The Authority may by notice in the Gazette designate,
The Commission may make rules,
The Commission shall have the following functions,
The Commissioner may by notice in the Gazette,
The Legislative Council may by resolution,
The Regional Council may,
The Registrar may,
The Registrar shall examine,
The Secretariat shall consist of,
The company commits a major violation of law,
The corporation shall be composed as follows,
The corporation shall have full power,
The corporation shall,
The court may,
The duties of the Official Solicitor are,
The principal obligee's rights are terminated,
To formulate and implement policies,
Underwriting unapproved securities,
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties,
Where a consumer or agent believes that,
Where a person is aggrieved by,
Where it appears to the Authority that,
Where it appears to the Commission that,
Where it appears to the Governor in Council,
Where it appears to the Superintendent that,
Where the Authority reasonably believes,
Where the Commissioner is of the opinion that,
Where the Commissioner reasonably believes,
Where the Committee has decided to refuse,
Where the Director is satisfied that a person,
occupying civil air defense works,
officially ending the state of hostility between the two sides,
possessing the qualification as a lawyer,
prohibition of such illegal operations,
provide collaboration and market monopolization,
providing patentrelated consulting agencies,
publication of a notice of criticism in newspapers,
pursuant to judicial process, or,
the adverse effects are extremely minor,
the company is declared bankrupt as provided by law,
the debtor has the right or ability to,
the document is genuine,
the term of any labor contract has expired,
they must pass the appraisement of the State,
those performed by a person without capacity for civil conduct,
amend the Constitution,
be not involved in the current case,
claim performership,
determine the members of the collegial panel,
observe law and regulations,
protect the lawful rights and interests of investors,
share returns from the fund assets,
to strictly observe the Constitution and law,
to supervise the enforcement of laws according to law,
types and duration of the securities to be traded,
In this section and Schedule 6,
to safeguard the rights of minority nationalities,
By deleting the proposed section A and substituting.
In the proposed section (f).
In this section.
Increased use of drugs and alcohol.
Naturally, the Hong Kong Government must play its part.
Energetically promoting cultural progress.
For the purpose of these Instructions
The first concerns the economy.
The quorum at a meeting of the corporation shall be.
The rule of law is essential for Hong Kong's future.
Purchase of residence by personal representative,
6 and 7 By deleting the clauses and substituting,
In the proposed section 59B(4),
in Part III of the Schedule,
provide financial assistance to the unemployed. 
This section shall be binding on the State.
Entry and search of premises,
Other means ascertained by CSRC.
Duty to ensure fair market.
Incorrect estimation of revenue from the trade effluent surcharge.
Other matters that must be defined.
People's wellbeing was strengthened.
Support services provided to singleparent families be improved.
The Convention has three underlying purposes.
Respondent to prepare facts of case for Tribunal.
The following terms herein shall be defined as below.
Furnish counterfeited certificates.
Graet recomposition of libilities to be crried out,
We should include an arbitration clause in the contract.
Power to publish guidelines.
In national accounts, not Consolidated Account, terms.
Part I to Schedule 3 is amended.
Obligations after manager's appointment ends.
Purpose of call in Hong Kong.
Regulation 25 is repealed.
Termination and dissolution of the contract.
The following provisions shall also apply.
Detailed Explanation and Disclosure.
Limit on Contract Rescission Right.
The Contractor shall also be subject to the following obligations.
Part II to Schedule 3 is amended.
Administration was further enhanced.
Budget is a forecast.
Budget should be an important part of a bigger vision.
A Burglary That Wasn't A Burglary.
A Member shall not interrupt another Member.
A breach of this requirement is a criminal offence.
A breakdown of such reports is at Appendix 1.
A breakdown of these assault cases is at Annex.
A breakdown of these complaints is as follows.
A candidate must first be registered as a voter.
A case in point is the Court of Final Appeal.
A certificate purporting to be issued.
A claim shall contain.
A company can only have one name.
A contract of employment shall terminate on the following grounds.
A convicted criminal is a citizen no less.
A copy each of the two statements are attached.
A council is constituted by this Act for each area.
A debate on this issue is therefore long overdue.
A detailed breakdown by hospital is at Annex.
A working group was thus set up,
ACCEPTANCE MUST BE PROPERLY DISPATCHED.
ALL VEHICLES PROHIBITED BOTH DIRECTIONS.
About 970 employees were affected.
Absolute equality is impossible.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Acceptability is very important to the Chief Executive.
Access control system adopts shielding cable,
Accession of China to World Trade Organization.
Accordingly, no penalties can be imposed on the operator.
Accordingly, we need to make the necessary amendment.
Account information for purchasing Bidding Documents,
Achieving this balance is strictly monitored.
(13) To handle petitions and complaints.
(14) "Securities intermediary" means,
(14) Transactions in land and property.
(14) to decide on questions of war and peace.
(14) to safeguard the rights of minority nationalities. 
(15) A registration under this section shall,
(15) Examining stockbased incentive plan.
(15) method for choosing new trustee.
(15) perjury and subornation of perjury,
(16) Any other act in violation of disciplines.
(17) Providing any significant external guaranty.
(17) other matters agreed upon by the parties.
(17) other relevant matters.
(17) to decide on the granting of special pardons.
(18) To handle petitions and complaints.
(1A) At any such meeting,
(1A) If, on consideration of,
(1A) In any year of assessment,
(1A) In this rule,
(1A) The statement shall include,
(1C) For the purpose of this section,
Another characteristic of colonialism is the trampling of human rights.
Another issue is about medical and health care.
Another issue is about sports complexes.
Another issue is elderly services.
Another issue is the flexible pricing for HOS flats.
Another issue is the living environment of our senior citizens.
Another issue is the problem of the elderly.
Another problem is one of enforcement.
Another topic is to liberalize the air traffic rights.
Any Party may withdraw from this Agreement.
Any adjustment of rates will affect everybody.
Any changes in the market coming,
Any contrary provisions are ineffective.
Any critical deviation should be investigated.
Any departure from that practice would raise practical difficulties,
Any notice required to be served under these regulations,
Any offence involving fraud or dishonestly,
Any offence involving violence,
Any offence involving,
Any official charge for that,
Any person aggrieved by,
Any person standing in their way is at risk,
Any person who knowingly attempts,
Any person who on any occasion,
Any person who sells reproductive material of,
Any person who threatens any other person,
Any person who unlawfully and maliciously,
Any person who wilfully obstructs, resists or delays,
Any person who wilfully,
Any person who without lawful authority or excuse,
Any person who without lawful authority,
Any person who without reasonable excuse contravenes,
Any person who without reasonable excuse,
Any person who, except upon the order of,
Any person who, without the permission of the Authority,
Any public officer may be authorized in writing by,
Any regulation made under this Ordinance may,
Any sin can be forgiven,
Any such modification shall be confirmed in writing.
Anyhow, I support the motion,
Anyway the statement may be admitted as evidence in court,
Anyway, we will follow up the case.
Apparently, a population policy consists of two parts.
The chairman of the appeal board may,
The change of its registered capital,
The client agreement shall include,
The code of the securities,
The collision regulations may,
The committee may direct the Trustee
The committee shall be composed of the following,
The cost of maintaining, altering, repairing or removing,
The court in making such an order may,
The deductibles for the purpose of subparagraph are,
The deductions authorized by this section,
The donor must,
The enactments to which this section applies are,
The filing officer shall,
The functions of the Official Petitioner shall be,
The fund shall consist of,
The hearing shall be held openly,
The internal body temperature of every carcass shall,
The issuance of additional listed shares,
The issuing price of the new stocks,
The listed issuance of additional shares,
The mark to the market system,
The master of a ship who,
The matters to which this section applies are,
The members’ meetings decide to dissolve the futures exchanges,
The name and domicile of the branch,
The number of shares held by each shareholder,
The offences against discipline are,
The officer concerned shall have the right,
The overflow pipe from a water storage tank shall,
The parties to any such application shall be,
The people's governments at or above the county level,
The person must sign the declarations.
The personnel in the hall for supervision.
The personnel of the CSRC,
The persons to whom this section applies are,
The power conferred by subsection may be exercised,
The practising committee shall,
The promoter's agreement,
The proprietor of an industrial undertaking,
The proprietor of any industrial undertaking who,
The proprietor of the trade mark shall,
The purposes of the Council are to,
The real rights for security have been realized,
The reason for the takeover,
The reasons for the verdict and any sentence,
The reception point manager shall,
The register shall contain,
The register shall,
The regulations may provide,
The report shall,
The representative person shall be,
The requisition must,
The resolution of the meeting of shareholders,
The respondent's Answer shall state,
The right holder shall,
The said requirements are as follows,
The searches to which this section applies are,
The side ropes of a pilot ladder shall,
The statistical information on shares,
The summons and affidavit in support,
The superintendent shall keep,
The system of investment authorization,
The system shall be capable of,
The trading and negotiation proclamation of the bond,
The transaction price or the price range,
The tribunal shall consist of,
There is implied,
There shall be entered in the register,
These bylaws shall not apply to a hawker who is,
These bylaws apply to any swimming pool,
These regulations do not apply to,
This Order shall not apply to,
This Ordinance is based on the principles that,
This Part shall not apply to any tenancy,
This Part shall not apply to the following,
This Regulation shall not apply to fishing vessels.
This paragraph shall not,
This rule applies to the following,
This section applies to any appeal,
This section applies to the following charges,
This section applies to the following instruments,
This section applies to the following instruments,
This section applies whether the liability in question,
This section does not apply,
This section shall apply to any person who is,
This section shall not apply to,
This section shall not prohibit,
This subsection applies to any person who,
Those susceptible to an epidemic disease in an epidemic area,
To It charges commissions violating the related provisions,
To be traded on secondary market.
To conduct administrative affairs,
To order the suspension of part of the businesses,
Traps in the sewage system
Underwriting agreement and underwriting syndicate agreement,
Valid identity certificates of the applicant,
Valid identity documents of You.
Voting result at the relevant shareholders' meeting,
Wear and tear or corrosion of the ship.
Whenever a bend is unavoidable,
Where a bankrupt,
Where a licence is cancelled under this regulation,
Where a person who is subject to a supervision order,
Where a provisional warrant is issued,
Where a reference is made under this rule,
Where a ship is registered anew,
Where an inquiry is to be held under this section,
Where an underground substation,
Where on the relevant date,
Where such an order is made,
Where such notice is published,
Where the Registrar reasonably believes that,
Where the application is made by,
Where the proprietor of the trade mark seeks disclosure of,
Where the right holder seeks disclosure of,
Whether it has the voting right,
Whether the authority approves the applicant¡¯s application,
a change of any of its main responsible persons,
a copy of the technology export contract,
a draft fund contract,
a lawyer qualification certificate,
a person who is wanted for arrest,
a promise of unconditional payment,
abusing or beating the people's police,
an act or omission of others,
an agricultural lien,
an order of unconditional payment,
an original copy of the share transfer agreement,
annual distribution plan or resolution,
any secondary obligor,
being contaminated by a quarantinable epidemic disease,
being under punishment for a crime,
bonds and deposit receipts,
by invitation to bid,
by making the service through diplomatic channels,
carrying out defence duties,
cases in which adoptive relationship has been maintained through conciliation,
cases to be handled only upon complaint, and
causes and basis for auction of the ship,
change of organizational form,
changing major registration items by itself,
circulating a notice of criticism,
cohabitation of a married person with any third party,
completing procedures for the registration of funds,
conducting private offsets,
confiscation of illegal income,
confiscation of the valuable securities,
defence by the defendant and his agents ad litem,
democratic consultation, fairness and equitableness,
departure airport, stopover airport and destination airport,
deprivation of political rights,
description of the warrant issuance,
directing the enemy to any bombing or shelling target.
distributing domestic newspapers and periodicals,
drafts of the articles of association and main business rules,
duplicates of the contract or agreement,
duration, objectives and tasks,
earnings from production and operation,
election and dismissal of member directors of the board,
election by the staff and workers' congress of the enterprise.
employing the child labour,
enterprises under collective ownership,
executive plan on the remunerations to the operators,
facilities for testing and determining products,
facts of and reasons for the application,
falsifying or tampering with statistical data,
forging and tampering with examination data,
gas blast and coal dust explosion,
gold and silver bars, bullion, ingots and powder,
grave cases that involve criminal gangs,
guarantee of emergency telecommunications,
handling registration of funds,
having adequate time to perform his duty,
having been transferred out of this court,
having been transferred out of this procuratorate,
having fixed premises for operation,
having necessary capital and work installations,
having qualified teachers,
having settled down abroad,
he being an interested party in the case,
higher people's courts of autonomous regions, and
holders of exit certificates other than their own, and
if a prisoner commits any acts of violence,
if a prisoner has stopped any lawbreaking or criminal activities,
if any prisoner is escaping or resisting arrest,
imposition of a fine not exceeding 10,000 yuan,
injury caused to a domestic industry,
investments held until their maturity, and
irresistible natural calamities, or
it has a department specially established for fund custody,
it has disclosed false information,
its scope of production and business,
judgments and orders of final instance, and
knives under control,
making changes or terminating business operations without approval,
making forecast of the performance of securities investment,
making investment in the secondary stock market,
materials on feasibility authentication,
measures for the administration of seats,
military organs and key military facilities and installations,
modes of securities trading and the operational procedures,
modifying the articles of association,
notice of a prescribed period rectification order,
objection to the jurisdiction of a court,
other financial liabilities.
people's courts of autonomous counties, and
port of departure and port of final call,
possess a standardized company articles of association,
possession of the necessary property or funds,
property of collective economic organizations,
proportion of ecological forest and cash forest,
provides the name of the assignor,
provision of loans or security to another person,
public censure,
public reprimand,
purchasing invoices,
registered capital,
removal of obstacles,
request a consumer association to mediate,
restricting the distribution of dividends and other returns,
rules and methods for mental activities,
sale of property at abnormally depressed prices,
send the copy to the person.
social welfare institutions, or,
soldiers released from active service,
stopover airport(s) and destination airport,
successors and legatees,
summarizing and exchanging lawyers' work experience,
suretyship of joint and several liability.
suspension of work, business and school classes,
talks to relevant personnel,
target infectious diseases,
taxes owed by the bankrupt enterprise,
teaching knowledge of culture and science and technology,
that it shall be the duty of the Council
the amount of proceeds of the disposition,
the articles of association of the patent agency,
the bank pays the item in cash,
the draft has not been altered,
the duration of use,
the indorsement is effective.
the letter of approval for preparation for establishment,
the litigation expenses of the bankruptcy case, 
the name and domicile of the guarantor,
the name of the certificate holder,
the organizational structure and articles of association,
the quantity and quality,
the resolutions of relevant meetings,
the right to use construction land,
the scale of the planned issuance of shortterm financing bills,
the security is valid,
the status of capital raising,
the term in which the debtor performs his obligation,
the term of the fund contract expires,
the time limit for the debtor to perform his obligation,
the time of settlement is,
the total number of subscribers,
the user's own fault.
there must be a definite defendant,
they have settled in China, 
those involving claims for remuneration for labour,
those that are obviously unfair.
those that have been postmarked or cancelled,
to ban strikes of workers, shop assistants and students,
to be able to perform a guarantor's duties,
to be present in time at a court when summoned,
to change its registered capital,
to decide on the administrative setup of the enterprise,
to discuss and adopt a draft settlement agreement, 
to fix the base interest rates for the central bank,
to have been discharged from public employment.
to have reached the age of 23,
to issue certificates for control of guns illegally,
to make public prosecution on behalf of the State,
to obey orders and commands,
to organize and conduct educational and teaching activities,
to perform operations for termination of gestation, 
to perform other functions and duties as provided by law.
to propose convening the meeting of the board of directors,
to provide guarantee for any of its associated parties,
to supervise the enforcement of the Constitution,
transferring their achievements to another,
unemployed people in cities and towns,
unless otherwise agreed,
using a false economic contract,
using an invalidated credit card,
using an invalidated letter of credit,
violating the rules, regulations and announcements of the Exchange.
violating the withdrawal system,
when the principal or the agent dies,
where a patent right has been granted,
where a testamentary successor is disinherited,
(2A) The Chairman shall,
(2A) The Commission may,
(2A) The Monetary Authority may require,
(2A) Where the prisoner is a transferred prisoner,
(2B) For the purposes of this section,
(2C) Any person who,
A charging order,
A delegate of the Registrar shall,
A dependant pension,
A disclosure referred to in subsection (1),
A feasibility research report and constitution,
A franchise,
A notice complying with this section shall,
A notice of inquiry shall state,
A notice of inquiry shall,
A notice of objection shall,
A notice of resignation takes effect.
A notice served under subsection (2),
(3)If a notice is given.
A person shall be liable.
A person to whom this Ordinance applies shall,
A person who intends to advertise,
A person who is guilty of an offence,
A proprietor who employs a person shall,
A representative complaint shall,
Advertising the medical efficacy of the cosmetic product.
All members shall comply with the bylaws.
An application can be made ex parte.
An application for the renewal of a licence shall,
An appointed medical practitioner shall be,
An authorised officer may board,
An electric lighting system shall be,
An offender's supervising probation officer shall be,
An outdoor area shall provide,
Any certified worker who,
Any document purporting,
Any driver of,
Any reference in these regulations to,
Any registered contractor who,
Any registered trade union that,
Any regulations made under this section may,
Arrange settlement of both domestic and overseas accounts,
Assigning an intermediary institution to conduct inspection,
At a preparatory hearing the judge may,
At any meeting of the Authority the chairman shall preside.
At the expiration of the interim period,
Awarding stock to the staff of the company,
Causing pollution on environment,
Delete if not required.
Deliberating and approving reports of the board of directors,
Determined according to the composite assessable value.
Disability caused by workrelated injury or occupational disease,
Discussing the decision according to the power limit of administration,
Due to deterioration, it cannot be used for medicinal purposes.
Each of the following, that is to say,
Every such gully shall be,
Every such licensee shall ensure that,
Every such trap shall be,
Filing an application for resignation by himself,
For the purposes of subsection (1), where,
For the purposes of the Table to subregulation (2),
For the purposes of this regulation a prescription shall,
For the purposes of this section and the Ninth Schedule,
Having 2 or more notaries,
If an application is made, the company shall,
If any sentenced person,
If such evidence is taken.
If the Collector is of opinion that the instrument,
In Part II of the Schedule,
In a case of judicial separation,
In addition, the application shall include,
In sections 14 to 16,
In subsection and this subsection,
In the relation to the appeal,
In this Part and Schedule 2,
Investigating into acts relating to infringement activities,
It has the necessary assets and funds.
It is hereby declared that a notice under subsection (1),
It shall be a condition of every licence that,
It submits a cancellation application on its own initiative.
No compensation is payable,
No person, other than an inspector, shall,
None of the requirements of this regulation shall apply to,
Nothing in section 19 or 20 shall,
Nothing in this Ordinance shall affect,
Nothing in this Part shall require disclosure of information.
Nothing in this section shall authorize.
Offering bonus stock to the current shareholder,
On an appeal the Council may,
Other circumstances that are stipulated by the law,
Other types formulated by this Exchange,
Removing rightinfringing trademarks from goods in stock,
Revealing the company's share volume,
Schedule 5 shall apply to the Committee.
Steam pipes shall be adequately supported.
Submitting the examination materials to the related members,
Subsidiary legislation comes into operation,
The Authority or any public officer may,
The Board of Trustees shall consist of,
The CSRC decides to close down the futures exchanges.
The Commission may from time to time,
The Coordination Committee shall,
The Court has the following functions,
The Director may publish in the Gazette,
The Governor may by notice in the Gazette,
The Governor may by order amend the Schedule.
The Governor shall be the Chancellor.
The Registrar shall cause to be published in the Gazette,
The application shall be signed by or on behalf of.
The cargo ship construction and survey regulations may,
The certificate of registration shall state,
The contractor responsible for a hoist shall,
The creditor's right of the obligor is due,
The directors of the company shall,
The estimates of expenditure shall,
The facilities to be provided shall include,
The fee for a licence shall be,
The following in particular shall be prohibite.
The following matters may be prescribed.
The following persons shall also be members.
The manager so appointed shall,
The medicine has passed its expiration date.
The merger or separation requires the dissolution,
The notice of registration must state.
The notice shall inform the bankrupt.
The obligee waives the real rights for security.
The particulars to be registered shall,
The pricing information of the market is open.
The proprietor of a quarry in respect of which,
The provisions of this regulation shall not apply to,
The recommendation institution has withdrawn its recommendation letter.
The retentive price set by the trustee.
The revised Articles of Association decided by the shareholders conference.
The right is also infringed by a person who,
The rules may,
The same securities from other sources,
The serial numbers for all capital contribution certificates,
The serial numbers of the stocks held by each shareholder.
The shareholders jointly work out the bylaw.
The statement of claim shall include the following particulars.
The statutory declaration shall be delivered to the Registrar.
The stocks are suspected of being manipulated by others.
The tolls specified in the Schedule may be varied.
The total number of unregistered stocks issued,
The winch controls for a hoist shall,
These regulations apply to,
This Article does not apply to,
This Ordinance shall not apply to the Man Mo Temple.
This regulation shall not apply to medicines.
This section shall not apply to a private company.
Those who refuse to have their certificates examined,
(3)Cancel the securities business license,
To limit the distribution of profits,
Trust capital may be applied,
Upholding the Constitution of the people's Republic of China,
When and where the accident happened,
When the ship is at sea.
Whenever a dangerous drug is supplied,
Where a licensed estate agent,
Where a notice or direction is served，
Where a reference is made under this rule,
Where the Commissioner has reason to believe that,
Where the Tribunal, upon an examination of,
Where the company has any major irregularity,
Where the medicine has deteriorated,
Where the stipulated valid period of quarantine is exceeded.
a certificate of use of the business premises,
a person who has escaped from prison,
a resolution for dissolution is passed by the shareholders' meeting,
acting as an agent for custody of valuable securities,
altering or forging archives,
being a person of good character and conduct,
being absent without permission,
being declared bankrupt in accordance with law,
being involved in other especially serious circumstances,
bullying other prisoners,
by a representative of creditors,
cases in which the claims can be immediately satisfied,
change of the mode of operation of the fund,
complain to the relevant administrative department,
criminal cases in which the offenders are foreigners,
formulating the development plan,
fraudulently obtaining a letter of credit,
have the advantage for making bond debit and credit,
if a prisoner has overfulfilled his production task,
if a prisoner is on the way of escord，
illegally using another's credit card,
imposition of a fine not exceeding 10,000 yuan,
in determining the application of this Convention,
no new obligee's right may happen,
one of the following conditions is met,
payable at a fixed period after the date of issue,
raping the woman who is abducted and trafficked in,
the Financial Secretary may expand moneys from the Fund,
the IPCC attendance at district board meetings,
the criteria for calculating such redundancy payments,
to cater for temporary shortfall to staff,
to decline to authorize the development project,
to repeal this subsection,
Cover notes will not be accepted.
call of the concerned worker for national service,
calls are toll free from land line,
can be daunting for anyone,
can be transmitted through sex,
capable of withstanding small arms fire,
carries out duties incompetently or negligently,
carry out according to General Conditions of Contract,
carry out other authorized duties and inspections,
carry out virus checks on a regular basis,
case was thrown out,
change in the amount of the registered capital,
change of the name of the insurance company,
change of the scope of the business,
changed the course of life,
changes in taxation rates and fees and charges,
charging you with insubordination,
chasing or intercepting other persons，
check out the return address,
checking the hygiene conditions of the goods，
circle your troops and then join the charge,
citizens may also lawfully mine such resources,
claims related to the termination or cancellation of employment contracts，
claims relating to the reduction of workers,
classify dangerous trades or undertakings，
close monitor is required,
closely connected with the assigned claim,
combine, consolidate and liquidate all accounts of the Client，
companies were fraudulently backdating options,
comply with all applicable safety regulations,
conducted by UGCfunded degree awarding institutions,
conducting credit checks，
conspiring or soliciting to commit murder,
constitution of the organization，
construct new climbing lanes on the Tuen Mun Highway,
construction shall be in accordance with such Construction Documents,
consultation with the labour unions and with employers' organizations,
continued the drive to deter tax evaders,
contract which is subject to the Rules of a Market，
contracting out of the Aberdeen Tunnel，
contracts of personal service for nonprofit making purposes，
contravenes the provisions of Article 160 of this Proclamation，
contribution of its members，
control Watertight Doors,
control of antifire and antismoke,
converting all amounts to a single currency，
converting existing bisessional schools into wholeday operation,
court includes arbitral tribunal，
Copyright is an important form of intellectual property,
Coroner's office checked it against medical records,
Corporate issuers occasionally announce stock splits,
Corrections to the Technical Documentation,
Correctly wear the protection items according to the requirements，
Correspondence in Chinese from the public is answered in Chinese,
Corresponding legislative work to be in line with manpower deployment,
Cost for Insurance and Inland Transportation to the Final Destination,
Cost recovery is not a new principle,
Costeffectiveness is difficult to measure,
Could bring him in on robbery and assault,
Council now proceeds to a joint debate,
Council shall now move on to the second question,
Council shall now proceed to a debate,
Council went back into Committee,
Council will be suspended for a few minutes,
Council will now proceed to the debate,
Council will now proceed to the fourth question,
Council will proceed to a division,
Countries which have acceded to the Paris Convention,
Country is requesting the assignment,
Documentation that allows reconstruction of the course of events.
Documents that should be retained and available include,
Good education is the most basic solution,
Good faith in interpreting the Contract.
Government Should Have An Overall Planning First,
Government Steps in Handling Mr Paul AU's Case,
Government cannot easily shrug off the problem,
Government confuses the public,
Government determined to scuttle antidiscrimination Bills,
Government disposal of confiscated counterfeits,
Government must also play a role,
Government must take the lead to resolve this problem,
Government officials' attitude towards the Provisional Legislative Council,
Government policy to support industry,
Government should therefore study this with caution,
Governments also need to lower corporate tax rates.
Gramineae that is not propagated by seed,
Gramineae that is propagated by seed,
Grammar, technical and prevocational schools,
Greater efforts have been made to publicize the Scheme,
Grouping all compensation schemes under one roof,
Gun sales leave a trace,
How can a balance be struck between fairness and efficiency?
How can clause 3B be invoked?
How can coordination be effected among the different districts?
However, I have the following remarks for the record.
However, I oppose the Honourable IP Kwokhim's amendment.
However, I shall note Mr. CHEONGLEEN's suggestion.
However, I still wish to add a few points.
However, I would recommend to you to vote against this.
However, a few problems exist in the present supervisory system.
However, actual enforcement is difficult.
However, does this mean that there are no other circumstances.
However, emphasis shall be laid on achievements in procuratorial work..
However, interconnection is also related to the issue of effectiveness.
However, perhaps I have to add one point here.
However, problems like these are only technicalities.
However, progresses of the two schemes are very slow.
However, quantity alone is not the answer.
However, quota transfer is also subject to certain restrictions.
However, such a correlation is fallacious.
However, such a situation cannot be taken for granted.
However, the Bureau will pay attention to this issue.
However, the Chinese Government has not published the draft law.
However, the Government is beginning to amend this Bill.
However, the Government will soon make the first step.
However, the Liberal Party will consider other factors.
However, the fact is the factories were there first.
However, the guideline has a certain degree of flexibility.
However, the mainstream mentality of the majority is not absolute.
However, the matter may not be that simple.
However, the measures just mentioned can cure the symptoms only.
However, the motive for this debate is less clear.
However, the present situation is disturbing.
However, the present situation is not like that.
However, the problem is not as simple as that.
However, the provision is not widely used.
Disclosing the company's secrets without permit,
It diverts the margin of the clients to other purposes,
Regulations made under this section may,
Revoking the relevant business license,
The byelection notice must also state,
other duties as prescribed by the articles of association,
other duties prescribed by law,
other especially serious circumstances being involved,
other items reached by the two parties,
other persons stipulated in articles of association of the company,
registered items to be handled for claims,
the number of shareholders is not less than 800 and,
the public issue of stocks shall not be permitted,
the trust has been canceled,
those having the nature of discrimination against any nationality,
to borrow money from financial institutions,
to elect the President of the Supreme People's Court,
to lodge petitions or complaints and,
to manage the State Treasury,
Any other matter that requires clarification,
Any person who in purported compliance with,
At a meeting of the Authority the following shall preside,
At any meeting of the Council,
Do interbank lending and borrowing,
Limiting the total volume of delivery settlement by the members,
Nothing in this Regulation shall preclude,
Other documents that are required to be submitted,
Other information related to the accident,
Other matters that need to be specified,
Other powers conferred by the board of directors,
To appoint or remove members of the Executive Council,
exercising other powers specified by the articles of association,
having performed other meritorious deeds,
to borrow foreign exchanges from abroad,
to have a sound internal custody system,
to resign their posts，
to revise its articles of association,
In the case of an officer,
Buy and sell per se or as agents foreign exchanges,
For the purposes of this Part and section 22,
On the hearing of an application,
Rescue boats shall be stowed,
The prisoner's representative is entitled,
trading outside the Exchange in violation of the law,
Nothing in this section shall apply to,
an accommodation ladder sited on each side of the ship,
an injury which was attributable to service or,
are leased by a person as lessor,
at the end of each year of assessment or,
authenticated by a debtor or consumer obligor,
authenticated by a secured party,
by a person against the issuer of the instrument or,
describes the debtor and the secured party,
does not appear at the hearing,
employment or appointment to office,
factory or office machines,
for the purpose of preserving the collateral or its value,
he is under the age of 18 years or,
identified the collateral,
if the collateral is a security, obtaining control,
is or are so supplied by the licensee and,
lawfully required to do so,
proceeds to which a security interest attaches,
provide a mailing address for the debtor,
states the amount of the surplus or deficiency,
the obligor's obligation is secondary or,
the person to which the document was issued or,
A warehouse receipt may be issued by any warehouse,
A warehouse receipt need not be in any particular form,
An indorsement may be in blank or special,
An instrument is issued or transferred for value if,
In this Article, unless the context otherwise requires,
Part I which shall contain the following,
Duty of care when secured party in possession,
Judicial orders concerning noncompliance,
Reasonable time is question of fact,
Term restricting assignment generally ineffective,
When priority based on time of advance,
When security interest not invalid or fraudulent,
a company becoming a listed company, 
a company within the meaning of section 2,
a defendant entering a counterclaim,
a passenger ship to which the Convention applies,
a person has obtained a ruling,
a person registered under section 9, 
a refusal of the Superintendent to grant a permit,
a registered course ceases to be operated,
a ship registered in Hong Kong, 
add to Schedule 1 the name of,
add to the Schedule,
additional amounts f unexpired risks,
adduce evidence in suppt of his case, 
adjourn the framing of issues,
admits the whole claim, 
adopt the rept in whole in part,
advised of that fact, 
all shall be professional accountants, 
all written printed matter,
amending the provisions specified in Schedule 3,
an interest held by the debt beneficially,
any dinance enacted by the Legislative Council,
any design which the Contract is responsible,
any person aggrieved,
any person is a relevant operat,
any road within the airpt,
appoint a person to fill the vacancy,
approve any card other similar device,
articles in transit,
as to the manner effect of a surrender, 
as to the registration of aircraft in Hong Kong,
at least 2 water fog applicats,
at the request of the registered wholesaler, 
at the request of the stockholder,
at the time the seafarer signs the crew agreement,
attained 18 years of age,
avoiding the commission of an offence, 
be a direct of a company,
be determined by the Financial Secretary,
be either of a general of a specific character,
be fitted with a pressure release valve,
be laid befe the Legislative Council, 
be made at any time during the proceedings,
be subject to supervision by a supervising officer, 
becomes the lawful holder of a bill of lading,
below the uppermost between deck, 
both drawn payable within the Colony, 
bring any animal into a library,
a new list of crew is made, 
adjudicated bankrupt,
appoint a new audit,
appoint a person to fill the vacancy, 
approve the advertising material, 
approve the draft plan,
approve the proposals,
approved breathing apparatus,
approved eye protects,
are impted on a frequent regular basis,
are issued under this dinance, 
arrest such person,
as to the manner effect of a surrender, 
as to the registration of aircraft in Hong Kong,
at all reasonable times inspect, 
at any warehouse, 
at least 2 water fog applicats, 
at premises of the Munsang College, 
at the front end of the tanker, 
at the registered office of the company,
at the request of the registered wholesaler, 
at the request of the stockholder, 
at the time the seafarer signs the crew agreement,
authize the commission of a nuisance,
authized by resolution of the Council, 
(i) on the north, by the mainland.
a document referred to in paragraph (a),
by the Commissioner but not by the appellant,
is removed permanently from Hong Kong,
on voyages within the waters of Hong Kong,
sounds an audible alarm,
there is a special limit of strength,
to leave the public transport carrier,
to undergo such training on board,
without the consent in writing of the Governor,
conceal its inferior quality,
the fact that the body cannot be found,
In this Part, unless the context otherwise requires
1. Appointment of expert to report oncertain questions,
1. Determination of questions as to property,
2. Giving of security by receiver,
2. Proceedings which must be begun by writ,
2. Provisions as to actions in tort,
4. Claim for possession of land,
4. Stopping sequence, closing down.
5. Application by occupier to be made a party,
5. Certain applications not to bemade by petition,
5. Verification of qualifications, etc. by examiner,
6. Payment into court by receiver,
8. Verification and passing of guardiansaccounts,
9. No service required in certain cases,
All roads, but excluding,
An attendant may do any of the following things,
An explanation of hazards, including,
Any person who, with intent to mislead or defraud,
Any person who, without lawful authority or reasonable excuse,
Any person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with,
Any person who, without the consent of the Authority,
Entry into force, Suspension and Termination.
For the purposes of this Ordinance, the Board shall,
In addition, every such ship shall carry,
In any other Ordinance, any reference to,
In the following rules, unless the context otherwise requires,
No person shall, without lawful authority,
The Institute may, in furtherance of its objects,
The Legislative Council may, by resolution, amend the Schedule.
The company, to the extent that it,
The maker of a promissory note, by making it,
Under these regulations, vessels shall be classified as follows,
Upon an appeal, the Secretary may,
Where, on the termination of a leasehold interest ,
an authorized officer may,
shall, after import of the goods, immediately apply for,
stored in that area, whichever is the greater; and,
the court shall order, either,
unless, at the date of his application for such licence,
A Board shall consider,
A Crown servant is permitted to,
A District Council is to consist of,
A ballot paper must,
A claimant who is dissatisfied with,
A closure order shall,
A company which proposes to carry on,
A conference is to be held in private.
A court which makes a community service order,
A data user who,
A dealer shall,
A decant lock shall,
A designated employee may,
A disciplinary committee shall have power,
A form prescribed by these rules shall be,
by a fixed guard,
by a lessor on a lessee,
by covering any traffic sign,
by delivering it personally to the party to be served,
by delivering it to the person to his solicitor,
by delivering it to the person personally,
by delivering them personally to the parties concerned,
by delivery to the person personally,
by means of vacuum cleaning equipment,
by mistake of fact,
by notice in the Gazette,
by reason of national defence,
by regulations prescribe conditions,
by serving them personally on the defendant,
by the authorized institution,
by the transmission of sound by means of radio waves,
call any witness,
carried on the aircraft,
carry on business as an animal trader,
carry out those adjustments,
carrying out any scientific research,
cartridges shall not be unwrapped from their paper coverings,
cause an outbreak of fire,
causing annoyance to any person,
cease to operate the tool,
ceases to be a member of the registered scheme,
ceases to bedinarily resident in Hong Kong,
censure the barrister,
changes the place at which he carries on business,
clean segregated ballast,
conduct any regulated course,
conducting a poll in respect of an election,
confer such degrees as may be specified in the Statutes,
reverse the finding,
confirm the decision of the Director,
confirm the decision under appeal,
confirm the finding and admonishment,
contain a description of the property,
contain liquid liquefied petroleum gas,
contempt of court,
continue the examination,
contracts to purchase immovable property,
contravenes any provision of this regulation,
contravenes the provisions of section 4,
convey any other goods,
conveys in any vessel,
could cause an electrical accident,
countermand of payment,
crude oils from which distillate fractions have been removed,
dead and absent from Hong Kong,
death due to drowning after falling overboard,
decide that no inquiry shall be held,
decline to authorize the reclamation,
deductions for absence from work,
deliver to the Superintendent,
demanding payment of the fixed penalty,
denies the conviction finding,
describe the purpose of the entry,
detained by virtue of thisdinance,
determine its own procedure,
determine the form of Government bonds,
determine the forms to be used,
directly under a Government lease,
dismiss the appeal,
dismissing a party's claim,
display prominently the words,
dispose of any of his property,
do not need a permit,
does not comply with any licence requirement,
does not constitute contempt of court,
does not hold the data,
does not pass the examination,
draw any inference of fact,
drive and use a motor vehicle,
during working hours
elects not to be registered,
employs a person as a salesperson,
empower a health officer,
empower the Director,
enable it to be effectively cleaned,
endorsed on the licence,
enjoys the right of abode in Hong Kong,
enter search a place if he reasonably believes,
enter any premises place,
enter into contracts,
enter upon any ferry vessel,
entered business on his own account,
erect, maintain a stake net,
erroneous in point of law,
essential for operational safety purposes,
evidence be taken in Hong Kong,
examining the qualifications of an applicant,
excessive pushing, pulling of loads,
fails to supply a statement,
filed in the Court,
fix a date for the proposed meeting,
fix the amount thereof,
fixed within a manhole,
for a distance exceeding 30 meters,
for a licence under the patent,
for an accused person,
for breach of any provision of a tenancy,
for breach of thisdinance,
for carrying out the Annex,
for provision of a waste collection service,
for the enforcement of an external confiscationder,
for the erection maintenance of a stake net,
for the purpose of embarking, disembarking passengers,
for the rescission of that decree,
for which the period of validity has expired,
forfeited to the registered owner,
forfeiture of privileges for a period not exceeding 3 months,
forges a certificate of test examination,
forges a manufacturer's code,
from Government water mains,
from the Court of First Instance to the Court,
from the date of assumption of duty,
fully paid up shares,
functions properly,
furnish to the Secretary,
generating, supplying electricity,
give a brief description of the accident, damage,
give any evidence,
gives anal instruction,
governing its procedure in the transaction of business,
grant a written authorization to the applicant,
has been declared bankrupt,
has been imported into Hong Kong,
has been rendered dangerous,
has ceased to manufacture optical discs in Hong Kong,
has not been issued to the person,
has perpetual succession under its corporate name,
has possession of any cargo,
have attended an approved course of study,
have been instituted in Hong Kong,
have been registered as an apprentice,
have in his possession any combustible material,
having been overstuffed,
he applies a discriminatory practice,
he has attained the age of 21 years,
he has reasonable grounds to suspect,
he is a Chinese citizen,
he is an overseas lawyer,
he is enrolled in accordance with regulation 4,
he produces appropriate full powers,
he shall be guilty of an offence,
he was a member of the crew of the ship,
hearing evidence in proof of conviction,
the personself attend at the depot,
his appointment is terminated,
his natural parents children
hold the moneys in a separate account,
holds an established office,
holds an identity document,
identify the applicant,
identifying, locating persons,
if delivered to the person personally,
if that place is not a prescribed place,
if the applicant is resident in Hong Kong,
if the books papers are produced,
if the husband is the petitioner,
if the magistrate is satisfied the property,
if the ship is a fishing vessel,
if the treaty establishes a boundary,
if there has been any structural alteration thereto,
if there is has been a contravention by the company,
immediately closed hermetically sealed,
impressed current cathodic protection systems,
in a case of urgency,
in a legible form,
in a public place,
in a statutory declaration,
in accordance with regulations,
in an emergency,
in any tunnel,
in charge of the air supply plant,
in charge of the construction work,
in committee of the whole Council,
in conditions of restricted visibility,
in conformity with the provisions of the treaty,
in consultation with the Director,
in developing the invention,
in legible form,
in relation to the institution,
in respect of a closed road in Lantau,
in respect of a legal obligation,
in so far as any part of it is meaningless,
in such form as may be specified,
in such form as the Commissioner shall approve,
in the Final Statement,
in the actual discharge of his duty,
in the application of regulation 16,
in the approved form,
in the case of apparent damage to luggage,
in the case of client's money,
in the case of construction works,
in the collision bulkhead below the margin line,
in the course of their duties,
in the prescribed form,
in the specified form,
in working with asbestos,
in writing in the English language,
include lifesaving appliances,
inform the Corporation accordingly,
inspecting any main watercourse,
installed in the premises,
interest rate prevailing at the time it was made,
interview the applicant, any other employee,
is a body corporate,
is a disabled person,
is a member of the company,
is a prohibited animal,
is a registered student,
is absent from Hong Kong,
is at all times a dipped beam,
is convicted of a scheduled offence, 
is dismissed by his employer by reason of redundancy, 
is domiciled in Hong Kong,
is highly volatile,
is impervious to that pesticide, 
is in a bathroom in any premises, 
is in the prescribed form,
is insolvent at that time, 
is intended for use in Hong Kong, 
is not a Hong Kong ship, 
is not a coastalgoing ship, 
is not a member of the Board,
is not a registered medical practitioner, 
is not a surfaced road,
is not in writing, 
is not prosecuted for that offence,
is not the holder of an identity card, 
is of a type approved by the Council,
is dinarily resident in Hong Kong, 
is provided for the use of the public, 
is sold or transferred,
is the Manager of the institution,
is the holding company of another corporation,
is used on an aircraft,
issue a multipurpose card, 
issue or refuse to issue a certificate,
issue parking cards,
issue the licence permit, 
issued in Hong Kong,
it ceases to be a Government ship,
it has been wholly satisfied, 
it has expired, 
it is essential to carry out emergency work, 
it is held on a leash, 
it is in English and Chinese,
it is made on oath,
it proves that the pollution damage,
it shall adjourn the application, 
it shall be illuminated by electricity,
it will not tear easily, 
its date of commencement expiry,
keep such records, 
kept free from obstruction, 
kept free from patent defect,
knowingly makes a false report, 
leave for the making of the application, 
leaves the meaning ambiguous and obscure, 
listen to or use any record,
made in writing, 
maintain a record of,
maintain the Western Harbour Crossing, 
maintained in an efficient state,
maintenance or resurfacing,
make a declaration to that effect, 
make a recommendation to the Governor,
make any subsidiary legislation,
make loans out of the trading fund, 
make the report available for inspection by the creditor,
makes a false pretence, 
makes an imitation Hong Kong coin,
makes any alteration to an identity card,
manufacture a dangerous drug, 
material that is not reproductive material, 
maximum hours of work shall not exceed,
may be approved by the Director, 
may be suffering from a communicable disease,
may require the provision in such ships,
means a loan of money,
means a voting controller,
means an instrument,
means the components of the earth, 
meeting recreation rooms as required,
mudguards at the rear wheels, 
naming such road,
navigational watchkeeping duties
no inspection of the ship is required,
no proceedings are instituted against that person,
no separate licence shall be necessary for the store,
nonpayment of deposit, 
not in practice as a solicitor, 
not less than 1 meter in width,
not less than 500 millimetres, 
not transfer a licence,
notify members of the vacancy,
notify the court, 
objects to such application,
occupies the premises, 
occurring outside Hong Kong,
of a type approved by the Commissioner,
of each voyage made by the ferry vessel,
of good design and construction,
of sufficient strength for the purpose,
of the number of points incurred by him, 
on any ground involving a question of law alone, 
on leave of absence from work, 
on the accounts of the Government,
on the application of any person, 
on the content of courses for the degree degrees, 
on the date of the seizure and detention, 
on the date of the seizure, 
on the donee of the power, 
on the licence free of charge, 
on the off side of the vehicle, 
on the tribunal's own motion, 
only in legible form,
only solid bulk cargo, 
open a container,
operates a gambling establishment,
operates an employment agency, 
opts to remain a public servant, 
ordinarily resident in Hong Kong, 
otherwise stated in the Contract,
the first paragraph were omitted, 
particulars of the freeboards so assigned,
persists in any misconduct and lack of care,
persists in any misconduct,
personally by a census officer,
personally on such person, 
personally upon the manager, 
personally upon the member of the owners' committee, 
personally upon the owner,
persons who are relatives of one another,
picking up setting down passengers, 
playing sound recordings,
pleads guilty before a tribunal, 
possess a pleasure vessel, 
poultry is slaughtered, 
prescribe conditions, 
prescribe the signals to be used at a station, 
prescribing the method of application for consent,
present the case against the defendant,
produce the certificate,
prohibit an attempt at the Examination, 
properly found with anchors cables,
properly secured,
provide a sufficient number of dustbins,
provided with a grating, 
provides the film to another person, 
providing for the licensing of hawkers,
publish a notice in the Gazette stating,
publish the amendment,
published in the Gazette, 
purports to have been signed by the defendant,
qualified in dentistry, 
quash the der appealed against, 
rabies exists,
read the minutes of the preceding meeting,
receipt of the goods by the lessee,
receive the levy,
receives a complaint, 
receives as regards a registered scheme,
receiving acquiring the property,
refer the case to the Governor, 
refer the complaint to the Committee,
refuse to enforce the contract,
refuse to grant the approval, 
refuse to issue a certificate of igin,
refuse to issue a passenger service licence, 
refuse to register any trailer,
fails to comply with,
register the trainee solicitor contract,
registered as transferred,
registered in Hong Kong,
registered pesticides generally,
registering a vehicle,
regulating the procedure,
regulating traffic, 
reject the objection  objections, 
reject the objection,
relates only to civil liability,
relates to the course, 
relevant international conventions,
remand that person in custody, 
removed from the slaughter room,
rendered in cement mortar, 
replaced by the replacement map, 
requests in writing that his name be so deleted,
return the Performance Security to the Contractor,
review  develop academic programmes,
revoke a licence,
revoke the registration of the person,
securing the safety of the vessel,
seize and dispose of the waste, 
sells and offers for sale,
separate confinement for any period not exceeding 28 days,
separately for both male  female passengers, 
set aside the judgment, 
setting of technical standards for telecommunications,
shall appoint vehicle examiners, 
shall be appointed by the Council,
shall be conducted in chambers, 
shall be delivered ally, 
shall be in writing,
shall be published in the Gazette,
shall be served by the Director,
shall be the executive governing body of the Institute,
shall be the supreme governing body of the University,
shall cease to be in operation,
shall come into operation,
shall comply with the collision regulations, 
shall describe the purpose of the entry, 
shall use a seal, 
shall hold office at the Governor's pleasure,
shall issue a warrant card, 
shall not be mixed with other milk,
shall not be parked, 
shall not bear interest,
shall specify the action authorized by it,
showing in public,
slaughter any food animal, 
slaughter of poultry,
sleeping rooms mess rooms shall be adequately ventilated,
constructed and designed, 
specified in a bill of lading,
specified in the complaint, 
specify his name and residential address,
specify the building to be closed, 
specify the date on which the der was made,
specify the type of communications system,
state the decision of the Registrar,
state the name of the applicant,
state the reason for issuing the proposal, 
such person is a mentally disordered person, 
such person shall be guilty of an offence, 
suffers noiseinduced deafness, 
suitable for the purpose, 
sum up the evidence to the jury,
supplied through a meter,
supplies of food and drinking water,
suspend the licence, 
take notes of the evidence at an inquest, 
taken into custody, 
tattoos the ear of an animal,
that a registered person is not eligible to be registered,
that he charges a commission on an exchange transaction,
the goods in question were prohibited goods, 
that he objects to the appointment, 
that is a disqualified person,
that it is not dated,
that no inquiry shall be held, 
that office has been abolished, 
provision shall be void,
that supervisor or deputy supervisor,
Tribunal was not properly constituted,
the animal or thing has been sold,
the applicant is eligible to be registered,
the bill shall be taxed,
the debtor intends to make a proposal,
the facts stated therein are true,
the improvement was unnecessary,
the injury in question was significant,
the order has been duly registered,
the original determination is confirmed,
the person ordinarily resides in Hong Kong,
the summons was served,
the trust company has committed a breach of trust,
the will was not duly executed,
the work is an original work,
this Part is to apply,
the Authority as the chairman,
the Commissioner may interdict him from duty,
the Commissioner of Customs and Excise,
the Commissioner or a prescribed officer,
the Members to be returned for geographical constituencies,
the abnormal stability of a vessel,
the administration or management of the corporation,
the admission of Fellows,
the aggregate of the following,
the amount which is finally due,
the applicant is a qualified company,
the applicant may be required to,
the application for provisional registration,
the application for registration
the application has been returned to the applicant,
the attendance of the person before the Superintendent,
the audit of accounts,
the avoidance of shadow sectors,
the building to which it relates,
the burden of proof shall be on the Superintendent,
the candidate shall apply in person for membership,
the cause of action has not yet accrued,
the chairman of each of the scheduled groups,
the claim is refused,
the classification of kinds or types of boarding houses,
the cleaning and polishing of teeth,
the commencement of the voluntary winding up of the Company,
the company has subsidiaries,
the conditions of his licence,
the conduct and control of examinations of the Society,
the conduct of the business at meetings,
the creation of new heads or subheads,
the current licence of the vessel,
the date on which the cause of action accrued,
the date on which the medicine was supplied or dispensed,
the date on which the medicine was supplied,
the date on which the order is to take effect,
the date on which the prisoner is to be released,
the date on which the right is granted,
the date when the valuation became effective,
the day on which this section commences,
the deck is thoroughly oiltight,
the declaration be withdrawn,
the declaration shall stand,
the development has not been discontinued,
the development is an existing use,
the disposal of construction waste,
the division under which the person is registered,
the duties of the principal probation officer,
the fact of the issue of the warrant,
the facts giving rise to the inquiry,
the father or mother of the apprentice,
the following shall be disregarded,
the form which such assistance is to take,
the goods are forfeited,
the goods be forfeited to the Crown,
the initial survey shall include,
the installation is wellventilated,
the internal illumination of the vehicle,
the ladder shall lead aft,
the last mentioned Ordinance shall cease to have effect,
the legal force of such agreements,
the legal functional constituency,
the licensee shall comply with it,
the making of the order,
the master has left Hong Kong,
the material of which it is constructed,
the name of that other body corporate,
the notice shall be posted in a conspicuous place,
the offence of perverting or obstructing the course of justice,
the offence which was the subject of that conviction,
the officer cannot be traced,
the officer in charge of a police station,
the operation of this Ordinance,
the parameters or impact to be monitored,
the payment has been agreed and paid,
the payment made for obtaining it,
the payment of allowances to advisers,
the person convicted,
the person giving the proxy,
the person has absconded,
the person has left Hong Kong,
the person in charge of the permitted crew department,
the person in charge of the pleasure vessel,
the person tendering it produces,
the person to whom that information is disclosed,
the person was a party to the communication,
the place is not a prescribed place,
the price is the sole consideration,
the privacy and confidentiality of that information,
the purpose for which the licence is required,
the rates deemed to be in default,
the reason and period for which the renewal is required,
Governance is in chaos and management is out of control,
The financial information is true and complete,
Still in the period of prohibition into securities market,
the security interest in proceeds is perfected,
to obligations that are not secured,
to send a written or other tangible record,
to which those Regulations apply,
a person that holds an agricultural lien,
a security interest in consumer goods secures the obligation.
carries passengers by sea,
concealed  inaccessible spaces,
notice is given in accdance with the statute,
requesting that the recipient provide an explanation, 
the Provisional Regional Council, 
the claim has been asserted against the seller, 
the claimant is an individual  the claim,
to perfect  continue the perfection of a security interest,
in relation to that place,
within 14 days after receipt of a request, 
accept the return of collateral  make repossessions, 
being convicted of treason,
goods that are the subject of a consignment,
identifying the components of the obligations in reasonable detail,
left uncovered by any other material, 
other capital assets,
removal from employment  office, 
replacements of domestic appliances that are consumer goods,
rights arising out of collateral,
states the method of intended disposition,
the conduct constituting the offence,
the proceeds are not acquired with cash proceeds,
where the ship is registered in Hong Kong,
who is not a contribut on the appointed day,
90% of his special allowance,
the overload sensing device,
the provision of fire dos,
pressureregulating installations,
(Filled in by Designer),
(Filled in the fmat stipulated in Chapter IV),
(Goods Offered From Abroad),
(Goods Offered from within the PRC),
Hling with the termination of the listing of shares,
Submitting the evidence f identification if required,
Use of various water sources,
Confiscation of the illegal incomes,
Plane Control Survey,
Collecting taking other relevant evidences,
Confiscation of infringing duplicates,
(Note: Strike out the statement which is not applicable).
(Seal of stamp of the authity, as appropriate),
(Seal  stamp of the shipowner1),
(Signature of holder) Superintendent of Mines,
Other statuty measures,
(Xinhua News Agency March 15, 2010).
This Article applies to negotiable instruments,
the Secretary f the Civil Service,
the State where the crime was committed,
the Stock Exchange Company, 
the Vice Chancell who shall be Chairman,
the relevant employer of the scheme,
the relevant provisions of Part IV, 
the removal of the person to Hong Kong,
the rent payable in respect of a year, 
the rept of calibration of survey instruments,
the representation of the design, 
the requested Party consents, 
the requirement is not complied with, 
the reservation is prohibited by the treaty,
the residence of the applicant,
the responsible authity, 
the result of his investigation,
the result of the inspection,
the result of the investigation,
the right holder,
the roads on which it may be used,
the sale of drugs f use by man,
the selection  appointment of ministers of the Church,
the serial number of the cremation,
the share holding of the relevant shareholder, 
the share premium account,
the ship has adequate stability, 
the ship is liable to ffeiture, 
the ship is proceeding on a voyage,
the site at which the vessel will operate, 
the site in respect of which the licence is valid,
the siting of the ste,
the structure of any premises, 
the subsidiary's name,
the suspected person  the third party, 
the tanker is carrying liquefied petroleum gas, 
the tanker is proceeding on a voyage,
the tax is paid,
the terms of an exchange transaction, 
the time  date of the inspection,
the total amount so estimated,
the total number of vehicles in all classes,
the treaty itself so provides, 
the treaty provides that signature shall have that effect,
the trustee shall comply with that direction, 
the type of service proposed,
there is a good cause of action,
there shall be a quum of 2 members,
those specified in the Schedule,
to a written fm of arbitration clause, 
to appoint Fellows  Honary Fellows,
to appoint the Chief Executive,
to appoint the Executive Direct,
to arrest  detain a person, 
to assist the ViceChancell in the perfmance of his duties,
to be delivered to a reception point, 
to be issued under that provision, 
to be dered to appear befe the court,
to be part parcel of the dwelling, 
to be the auth of the wk,
to be the owner of the litter  waste,
to commence arbitration proceedings, 
to confer any title to,
to confirm  to refute that fact, 
to create a new legal entity,
to create any committee,
to declare immediately his name  address, 
to delete an dinance from the Schedule,
to destroy  seriously to damage,
to discharge  vary such der,
to enter into any agreement,
to establish any committee,
to exchange currency with another person, 
to execute any drainage wks,
to finance  refinance,
to further the interests of licensed banks,
to have the animal vaccinated against rabies, 
to hold office in that company, 
to maintain l boundary recds,
to meet expenditure,
to me than one invention, 
to new ships on delivery,
to operate on unleaded petrol only, 
to operate the equipment, 
to produce any document,
to promote thrift among its members,
to provide training courses f the clothing industry,
to provide training courses f the construction industry,
to read the notice of inquiry,
to receive an annual rept from the President  ViceChancell,
to remove such accumulation of water, if existing, 
to seize  retain,
to sell  hire out,
to sell,  to agree to sell,
to st down from active service, 
to stop the vehicle fthwith, 
to take evidence on oath,
to take possession of any realisable property, 
to the Commissioner of Crectional Services, 
to the Direct,
to the act  default of another person, 
to the costs of liquidation,
to the propriet of the patent, 
to the public in general,
to the qualified owner, 
to the registered owner, 
to which a fged trade mark has been applied, 
to which such employer  employee is a party,
trades with any pirate,
travel on a ship registered in Hong Kong,
travel on any bus,
trust money,
under the supreme comm of the Govern, 
unless it is provided otherwise in this dinance, 
uphold the employee's request,
upon such notification being withdrawn, 
upon the conclusion of the inquest, 
use a tempary leave pass issued to another person,
was liable to pay the tax, 
wash his hs befe each meal, 
water, other than in a container, 
well constructed  in good condition, 
when it is delivered to the Site,
when the States are Contracting States, 
when the chairman so requires,
any other money dealt with by him through a client account; and,
any other ship while it is within the waters of Hong Kong; and,
any person by whom the vehicle is kept and used; and,
any person or body exercising for the time being public functions in Libya，
any person who will be acting as a representative in relation to such business，
any related corporation of the licensed leveraged foreign exchange trader; or,
currencies approved in writing by the Registrar for the purposes of this paragraph,
are in material breach of any of the provisions of the guarantee agreement，
are so constructed as to prevent a person's foot slipping off the side; and,
as a member of a partnership which is so approved; or,
ascertaining whether any amount paid in respect of rates is refundable，
at such other frequency in the Gazette as the Commissioner may determine; or,
automatic fire dampers are fitted close to the boundaries penetrated; and,
be deemed to be a party to that transaction as principal,
behave in any other manner which is likely to delay the vehicle，
crashes between ships and seaplanes on the surface of the water,
by expelling her from that position or subjecting her to any other detriment,
by posting the notice upon a conspicuous part of such premises,
carrying on business in Hong Kong or which has carried on business in Hong Kong; and,
2) The relevant OMELCO panels should be fully consulted on public utility fare and charge increases.
2) The signification of the Chief Executive's written consent shall be recorded in the minutes of proceedings.
2) The woodland use right for timber stands, economic forests and firewood forests,
2) There should be reasonable provisions for the eligibility criteria and retirement age entitled to the accumulation fund.
2) These figures do not include bus services from the airport to South Lantau.
2) Those sitting tenants who do not wish to buy can remain as tenants.
2) To establish transparency of information so that the Government is accountable for all its decisions.
2) To review regularly the monopolistic trend of the energy market and its adverse impact on the public.
2) With the introduction of mixed mode schooling, the administration systems of AM and PM schools will merge into one.
2) all costs in connection with the building of the infrastructure project and the arrangement of all necessary funding,
2) the labor contracts and other important regulations of the joint venture company,
2) decide how many members of each district board are to be elected and how many are to be appointed,
2) enterprises in the non manufacturing sector with less than 50 employees in Hong Kong,
2) for a person to lie on the floor of a public place and invite contribution of money,
2) inadequacy of skills job seekers do not have the skills required by the jobs available,
2) it will boost a sense of belonging and contribute to social stability.
2) maintaining and fostering a social environment which is "politically tolerant",
2) make available copies of plans and designs for inspection at the Site,
2) paying the lion's share of the cost of the Vietnamese refugees and boat people in Hong Kong,
2) putting up for open tender existing PFS upon expiry of their leases,
2) semi natural habitats such as fish ponds and gei wais are preserved,
2) stepping up of management and monitoring of traffic conditions in the vicinity of the land control points,
2) the Housing Department should continue to be responsible for the management of the sold PRH.
2) the additional climbing lanes in the uphill sections of Tuen Mun Road to be constructed by July 1996,
2) the amount of donation required is relatively small and can be met by other forms of fundraising.
2) the effect of the present taxation system on the transformation in the industrial,
2) the public's desire for more efficient and higher quality services,
2) to ensure that consumers get this service at a reasonable price,
2) to have "arrows"  we must have measures in place and put them into effect,
2) to put school private light buses under the control of the passenger service licence scheme,
2) to recruit and train a large number of Putonghua speaking and English speaking teachers,
2 4 Application for the company's placement of additional B shares for capital accretion,
2. A co-operative society registered under the Co-operative Societies Ordinance (Cap 33).
2. A delegate is exempt from salaries tax for emoluments received as a delegate of the committee.
2. A fundamental change of circumstances may not be invoked as a ground for terminating or withdrawing from a treaty.
2. A material breach of a multilateral treaty by one of the parties entitles,
2. A register of the members of Convocation shall be kept by the Registrar.
2. A report and recommendation which the Commissioner of Police has made for the Board,
2. A same method should be used in the whole process of a new issuance of stocks.
2. A vehicle used in connection with those expressway works shall have,
2. Able to engage in bond investment according to the provisions and articles of incorporation,
2. Accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and adjusting and optimizing the economic structure,
2. Agreement concerning Transferring the Reloans To the Securities Company for Risk Disposal (Template).
2. Amendments retroactively made  see 25 of 1998 s. 2,
2. Any book which will not be made available to the public at large,
2. Any discharge or deposit produced from a domestic sewage treatment plant,
2. Application of English Law Ordinance (Cap 88, Laws of Hong Kong)
2. Auditors shall hold office for 1 year at a time, and shall be eligible for re appointment.
2. Basic level people’s mediation institutes established in accordance with the law
2. Concerning industry, we should enhance the measures designed to assist industry.
2. Contents, scope and requirements of the goal directed technology imported,
2. Decision Regarding the Severe Punishment of Criminals Who Seriously Sabotage the Economy,
2. Decision of the shareholders' meeting on changing itself into a foreign shared securities company,
2. Denunciation shall take effect six months following the date on which notification is received by the Depositary Governments.
2. Detailed requirements for the implementation of paragraph 1 of this Regulation are found in the Code.
2. Each Member should have regard to whether proper provision is made.
2. Each integrated centre should have some service related connection with a district hospital.
2. Engaging in legal research or teaching with a designation of middle level or above,
2. Every seafarer has a right to fair terms of employment.
2. Except as expressly provided otherwise, this Convention applies to all seafarers.
2. Exceptions can only be permitted as prescribed in the Code.
2. Failure to exercise care for the safe keeping of a Service identity card,
2. Five (5) copies of acceptance certificate of the Contract Goods signed by the Purchaser and Supplier,
2. For the first time, a majority of the Members of this Legislation Council has been elected.
2. Foreign Exchange and Payments (to be notified to the Committee on Balance of Payments Restrictions)
2. Foreign exchange retention schemes or any similar practices which involve a bonus on exports,
2. If acts have nevertheless been performed in reliance on such a treaty,
2. If the Secretary for Economic Services is satisfied that a member of the Board,
2. If the birds intended to be slaughtered for food are brought into Hong Kong by sea, 
2. If there is no advance execution, the living of the applicant will be seriously affected.
2. In countries and regions where sole agent contracts have been concluded by the supplier,
2. In the case of an application by one only of 2 spouses, 
2. It is not allowed to lay in anchor or drag anchor within the sea bottom cable protection zones.
2. List of shareholders and their shares or investment contributors and the amount of investment each contributes,
2. Measures should be taken to ensure that seafarers have access when in port to,
2. Name of the Hong Kong ship and its official number,
2. Night work of seafarers under the age of 18 shall be prohibited.
2. On and after the date of the introduction of a scheme of charging for sewage services,
2. Particulars of the scheme's provisions regarding eligibility for membership of the scheme,
2. Payment for technical consultation will be paid by Party A to Party B by installments.
2. Principle 2 accuracy and duration of retention of personal data,
2. Protecting the interests of the grassroots and reflecting their voices in this Council,
2. Providing an associated party with entrustment loans through bank or non bank financial institution.
2. Remaining provisions of this section have commenced operation since 1 April 1998.
2. Resolution on the National Day of the People's Republic of China
2. Seafarers on such a register or list should have priority of engagement for seafaring,
2. Should funds be centrally managed or left to be privately invested,
2. Such State shall immediately make a preliminary enquiry into the facts.
2. The CSRC conducts preliminary examination of the application upon acceptance,
2. The Election Committee shall be composed of 300 members from the following sectors.
2. The Government should not violate unilaterally the agreement it signed with the CLP.
2. The Pro Chancellor may resign by written notice addressed to the Chancellor.
2. The Regulations shall be abided by when the futures trading and other related activities are conducted.
2. The University may award any of the following diplomas and certificates. 
2. The Vice Chancellor may resign by written notice addressed to the Council.
2. The Yuen Long/Tsuen Wan Rail Link should receive priority consideration.
2. The amount entered in accordance with the Table hereunder shall be increased by,
2. The amount of major related transaction is more than 1,000,000 Yuan.
2. The certificates that conform with Article 14 of the Pilot Rules shall be,
2. The closing times of the HKSE and the HKFE should be unified.
2. The completeness and validity of the export approval documents submitted by an operator,
2. The degrees which may be conferred by the University shall have the following designations. 
2. The demand for safety examination should not only be confined to larger companies or organizations.
2. The executive is responsible for formulating and implementing policies, and providing various services to the community.
2. The feasibility report on the uses of the funds raised in the current issuance,
2. The following items usable in the systems in Item 1,
2. The issuer is unable to pay the principals and the interests on schedule.
2. The kind of personal data to be the subject of the matching procedure,
2. The liquidity ratio of an authorized institution shall be calculated.
2. The methods of issuance, the objects of issuance, and arrangements on stock placement to existing shareholders,
2. The minimum age at the time of the initial entry into force of this Convention is 16 years.
2. The output levels of spurious emission from the transmitters shall satisfy the following conditions. 
2. The post of a commissioner for senior citizen affairs should be created to co ordinate services to elderly people.
2. The proposed arrangement does not provide for an opportunity for all people to make a choice.
2. The provisions referred to in paragraph 1 of this Standard shall,
2. The registered office of the Company will be situate in Hong Kong.
2. The request for arbitration and the facts and reasons on which such request is based,
2. The same invoice is turned over by the taxpayer to the purchaser.
2. The sample is to be taken in accordance with the isokinetic principle.
2. The service term takes "calendar day" as the unit, including statutory holidays.
2. The southern tip of Chek Lap Kok shall be preserved to act as a natural noise barrier.
2. The total amount of the par value of the bonds actually issued is no less than RMB 200 million.
2. The wharf at To Kwa Wan belonging to Hong Kong & China Gas Co. Ltd.
2. They shall have the necessary conditions and technical ability, for software production.
2. This Convention is subject to ratification, acceptance or approval by the signatory States.
The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Secretary General of the United Nations.
2. This Protocol shall enter into force on the thirtieth day following the day of its acceptance.
2. This Regulation does not affect any other legal remedies that a seafarer may seek.
2. This new session of the Council is part of an important evolutionary process.
2. To fix prices within the guided range as set by the government.
2. To provide a forum for the exchange and dissemination of views on the above policy matters.
2. To refuse or obstruct the checks and supervision according to law.
2. To threaten the safe operation of water, oil and heat supply and ash discharge pipelines (ditches).
2. Unless the treaty otherwise provides, an objection to a reservation may be withdrawn at any time.
2. Upon the issue or renewal of a permit for a pedestrian controlled village vehicle,
2. Vigorously carrying out economic restructuring, and shoring up the foundation for long term development.
2. Whenever the office of Dean becomes vacant a new Dean shall forthwith be elected or appointed.
2. Will the Government release the photographs showing the location of the incident?
2. administrative disputes falling within the jurisdiction of the relevant administrative organs according to law，
2. articles for performance or contests used in cultural or sports exchanges,
2. compelling the Government to adopt a deficit budget and to disgorge the huge fiscal reserves that have been accumulated,
2. establishing urban and rural planning by going against the relevant state standards,
2. failure to determine work related injury insurance benefits as required,
2. goods enjoying duty reduction or exemption are transferred to others or for other uses upon approval,
2. is contrary to the international obligations undertaken by the People's Republic of China,
2. set an agenda for the SAR Government and the Central Government to discuss the mutual legal assistance,
2. the Employer is dissatisfied with the work unit payable premium rate assessed by the Agency.
2. the arbitration claim and the facts and argument on which the claim is based,
2. the corporation may invest moneys upon mortgage of any lands and buildings.
2. the coverage of the protection, namely what groups of people are to be included,
2. the identity certificate of the legal representative and the relevant materials,
2. the planning permit and construction permit for the construction project are held.
2. the proposal of deleting the laws regulating the rights of assembly and association,
2. the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights should be observed.
2. the share of the domestic market taken by the increased imports,
2. there is evidence that the domestic industry concerned is adjusting.
2. a specific claim with facts and argument on which the claim is based.
2. to issue bonds denominated in foreign currency abroad without authorization and in violation of the relevant government regulations,
2. to obey regulation of the association and conscientiously receive the supervision and examination of the association.
2. whether the quotas in the past have been fully used,
2.1 An enterprise shall comply with the following conditions when applying for the listing of bonds,
2.1 The Employer shall provide the Site and shall pay the Contractor in accordance with Clause 13.
2.1 The Trust Deed or Design Documents of the tender accepted provided to the designer by the employer.
2.15 All quality related activities should be recorded at the time they are performed.
2.1The Order constitutes an offer by the Company to purchase the Services subject to these Conditions.
2.2.1 The securities as follows may be listed in this Exchange.
2.27 The boat shall be maintained at all times in a fully inflated condition.
2.29 Bidding documents shall state that the bidder may express the bid price in any currency.
2.3 The Secretary will provide the Director with policy guidance and support as follows.
2.3.1 The securities as follows may be listed in this Exchange.
2.34 Payment terms shall be in accordance with the international commercial practices applicable to the specific goods and works.
2.4.1 The trading days of this Exchange are from Monday to Friday every week.
2.6 Each seating position shall be clearly indicated in the boat.
2.61 Bidding documents usually provide that Borrowers may reject all bids.
2.9 All surfaces on which persons might walk shall have a non skid finish.
2.A co-operative society registered under the Co operative Societies Ordinance (Cap 33).
2.A confirmation letter for share transfer as issued by the Stock Exchange,
2.Being put on records for investigation by the administrative or judicial department,
2.Conditions of the internal control and the effectiveness of risk control on the business,
2.Documents containing technological information relating to any article specified in paragraph 1,
2.Financing or guarantee shall not be supplied to the shareholders and their related parties,
2.Having been subject to disciplinary punishments for three times accumulatively by self disciplinary organizations,
2.Having passed the test on qualification level as approved by the CSRC,
2.Party B shall take the initiative to inquire if having not duly received a statement of account.
2.Remaining provisions of this section have commenced operation since 1 April 1998.
2.The basis for determining the incentive objects and the scope thereof,
2.The effective identity certification documents of the shareholder and a photocopy thereof,
2.The feasibility of implement the equity incentive plan by the company,
2.The live birds should be produced area quarantined before the transportation.
2.The registered capital shall be no less than RMB 3 hundred million Yuan.
2.There is major hidden trouble in the corporate governance structure and internal control of the securities company.
2.Whether it has gone through legal procedures for the equity incentive plan,
2.the aggregate amount of rights and interests granted, exercised, and invalidated within the report period,
20. Fifth floor and Sixth floor, To Kwa Wan Market and Government Offices, Kowloon.
20. Power to call up any uncalled capital of the institution,
20. The futures exchanges shall be dissolved once found in any of the following situations.
20. This is the most contentious proposal arising from the consultation paper.
20.7 Failure to Comply with Dispute Adjudication Board's Decision In the event that,
2011 2012 foreign capital in hinterland and overall trend in a decade,
21 Up to this point, the forecasts have dealt with Government's own expenditure.
21% will help to strengthen the Government's support for the economy,
21. The China Ferry Terminal at Tsim Sha Tsui belonging to the Hong Kong Government.
215.This is a special offer and it is not subject to our usual discount.
22. Expenditure on capital works has been slower than originally forecast.
22. Power to change the situation of the institution's business office.
22. Three Articles in the Basic Law define Hong Kong's future economic autonomy.
22. We should not overreact to this revision of our growth forecast.
23. The care of workers in the essential services and their dependants,
23. Within domestic demand, private consumption expenditure grew by 5 per cent,
23.1 Client should be aware that guaranteeing any return is illegal.
23.The care of workers in the essential services and their dependants,
232.The best we can do is to allow you 2% off our quotation.
235.Your bid is obviously out of line with the price ruling and the present market.
236.We regret we can not book your order according to your count offer.
237.Our table cloth is modestly priced and quite sellable in your market.
238.We don’t think that this price can be consider high in your market.
24. Hong Kong's economic prosperity was founded on its manufacturing industry.
24. Unlawful seizure or exercise of control of an aircraft or other means of transportation.
25.2 Subcontracts must comply with the provisions of GCC Clause 3.
An enterprise shall submit the following documents to this Stock Exchange when applying for the listing of bonds:
List of Special Changes relevant to the change of process of structural materials.
The uncompleted transaction as entrusted may be cancelled by a client.
Hulls and rigid covers shall be fire retardent or non combustile.
PURCHASER's approval of Products shall not affect the SUPPLIER's liability under the Agreement.
The Project Cost shall be based on the feasibility study report.
The origin of Goods and Services is distinct from the nationality of the Supplier.
Cost incurred for transportation of employees as required directly in the conduct of the Exploration Operations.
This Exchange will accept the declaration of the limit orders and market orders of the members.
The SUPPLIER shall notify PURCHASER forthwith of any known or apprehended Defective Products.
This Exchange will accept the limit orders and market orders of the members.
The method of pledge type repurchase and other methods may be employed for the transactions of T bond repurchase.
The system of primary traders shall be carried out for the block trades of this Exchange concerning bonds.
No lifeboat shall be deemed fit to accommodate more than 150 persons.
An effective identity certification of the relevant handler and a photocopy thereof,
Articles for a use relating to nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
Half year report and annual report of the fund under the management of the company, and
He is subject to any other circumstance as prescribed by laws and regulations, which allows him to accept the shares.
Members shall accord the treatment provided for in this Agreement to the nationals of other Members.
Providing false information or concealing major matters c to the CSRC,
The Monetary Authority is satisfied that he knows the identity of each controller of the company.
The certificate of payment by foreign investors in case the share transfer of foreign investors is involved,
The checking opinions on the scope and qualification of the incentive objects.
The effective identity certification documents of the shareholder and a photocopy thereof.
The letter of commitment signed by the engaged SM for making management in good faith, and
The maximum mean power of the emission shall be 0.5 watt.
The securities account card of the shareholder and a photocopy thereof
Use of any metered parking space or car park for the purpose of parking any motor vehicle.
Whether the listed company has fulfilled its obligation on information disclosure,
In recent years, Hong Kong has become a leading international financial centre,
Our consultation period on the Old Age Pension Scheme ends this month.
To show our sincerity, we are prepare to make you a special concession of 6%.
10% is out the question but we are prepare to offer you 8%.
The Lamma Island (North) Villagers' Thrift and Loan Co operative Society Limited
We wish to order from you your products as pro ov purchase.
We are pleased to place with you a order for 2,000 washing machines to be supply from current stock.
If the quality is up to our expectations we shall send further orders in the near future.
A person who contravenes section 29(1)(a) commits an offence and is liable.
A person who has unlawful sexual intercourse does not necessarily commit an offence.
A person who obstructs the people’s police from performing their duties according to law shall be given a heavier penalty.
A person who refuses to go through security inspection shall be denied boarding and bear the losses himself.
A person wishing to install an amusement ride shall submit to the Director.
A phased programme has been drawn up by the enforcement departments to deal with the unlicensed premises.
A piece of legislation like the Bill of Rights will not by itself maintain these for us.
A pilot scheme to introduce drug education talks to parents has been introduced.
A plan submitted under regulation 4 or 5 to the Authority for approval shall be.
A pledge contract shall become effective upon the delivery of the pledged property to the possession of the pledgee.
A pledge of the documents of title to goods shall be deemed to be a pledge of the goods.
A police officer does so for the purpose of preventing or detecting any offence.
A police officer must never use more than the minimum force necessary to achieve his objective.
A policy against the enforcement of promises or other terms may be derived by the court.
A poorly ventilated unit will also increase children's chance of contracting diseases.
A power of arrest shall be in Form 1 in the Schedule.
A practical difficulty, however, arises in the case of the New Lantau Bus Company.
A practising certificate shall be in such form as may be determined by the Registrar.
A preferential income tax policy for small enterprises with low profits will be implemented.
A prevalence study on child abuse would be one of the priority areas for research.
A priority area is to give guidance to students at risk.
A prisoner who is released from prison subject to a supervision order.
A prisoner who is released under a conditional release order must comply with the conditions of the order.
A privacy law, though unlikely to eradicate these problems, may act as a deterrent.
A probation period may be stipulated in the employment contact, which is 1~6 months.
A problem, of course, will be to ensure that the payments continue to be necessary.
A producer shall not be liable for compensation if he can prove the existence of any of the following circumstances.
A product or an item of service involves work at different levels and posts.
A promise or order that is payable to order is payable to the identified person.
A promise to render personal service will not be specifically enforced.
A promise which is intended to be legally binding without acceptance is binding.
A promissory note is invalid if any of the particulars mentioned in the preceding paragraph is not specified thereon.
A regular through train service between Hong Kong and Shenzhen should be technically feasible.
A reinsurance company shall pay more attention to the disclosure of the accounting methods for various reinsurance reserves.
A related subject is the need to improve the standard of watchmen.
A report in the press earlier showed that there is no policeman on Lamma Island at night.
A report of suspicious transactions shall be submitted under, but not limited to, any of circumstances as follows.
A representative of the Labour Constituency should know the actual situation.
A resident shall comply with any lawful and reasonable instruction of any public officer on duty.
A resident shall comply with any lawful and reasonable instruction of the centre manager.
A resident shall not incite any person to disobey any lawful and reasonable instruction of the centre manager.
A resident shall not occupy any bed space other than that allocated to him by the centre manager.
A resident shall not organize any political activity in the centre.
A resident shall reside in the centre and shall not remain outside the centre overnight.
A resident shall, as soon as it is practicable to do so, report any sickness to the centre clinic.
A resolution of the board of supervisors shall be approved by more than half of the supervisors.
A responsible Member of this Council should observe people's deeds and listen to their words.
A set of safety guidelines on haemodialysis has also been issued to RDCs for their reference.
A sewerage masterplan study for the Tuen Mun area will shortly commence.
A shall in no manner whatsoever modify the price for the duration of this Agreement.
A shift in emphasis and attention to primary health care is in line with the world trend.
A shorter period may be specified by the issuer if it is not manifestly unreasonable.
A shortfall of talents cannot fulfill the needs of a knowledge based economy.
A sick bay or proper place for the reception of sick detainees shall be provided at the Centre.
A significant increase is generally expected for the whole of this year.
A similar campaign was also organised by the Southern District Board in August this year.
A similar difference arises in respect of the past experience required.
A similar operation will be mounted later in the year. Those who breach the law will be prosecuted.
A similar question of acceptability by other nations arises in connection with nationality and passports.
A similar situation arose a few years ago with the publication of the Metropolitan Plan.
A simple truth like this certainly would not escape our wise Financial Secretary.
A simple way to do this would be a further injection of additional funds into the scheme say, $300 million.
A site for hospital development will be reserved in North Lantau under this exercise.
A sizable proportion of the members of these bodies spoke in favour of the creation of a Commissioner for Administration.
A small class in Tennessee has about 13 to 17 students and a large class has 22 to 26 students.
A small enterprise consisting of just 10 staff members or so?
A sole proprietorship enterprise may not engage in any business prohibited by law or administrative regulations.
A sole proprietorship enterprise shall fulfill its obligation to pay tax in accordance with the law.
A sound complaint mechanism only tackles the symptoms of the disease.
A sound policy would have got rid of them years ago.
A special indorsement specifies to whom a security is to be transferred or who has power to transfer it.
A special unit has been established in the Legal Department to advance this important work.
A specialist physician shall meet all the following four prerequisites at the same time.
A speculator who expects the price of the underlying instrument to increase will buy the security futures contract.
A spouse is compelled to testify on behalf of the child, because the child's welfare is of the utmost importance.
A stable financial position is even more important to an organization with a history of only four years.
A stable political and social atmosphere will foster the continuation of economic prosperity.
A starting point in environmental protection is to learn to respect common space.
A state or government without its citizens is no state or government at all.
A state owned enterprise may withdraw the discretional and legal accumulation funds in combination.
A statement issued by the Chief Executive regarding such questions shall be binding on the courts.
A statement of the test results and how they compare with established acceptance criteria.
A statistical investigation plan shall be drawn up according to statistical investigation items.
A steady development of SMEs will surely boost employment opportunities greatly.
A stock is a certificate issued by the company to certify the share held by a shareholder.
A stress should be laid to the preventive methods and not to the methods of detecting the nonconformities.
A strong and simple argument to the contrary is this: look at the Exchange Fund.
A structural characteristic of the local tax system is more reliance on direct taxation than indirect taxation.
A study carried out by the Hong Kong Social Security Society has been considered by this Council recently.
A study to evaluate future options for the Corporation's freight strategy has been carried out.
A subordinate claim may only quote the preceding claim or claims.
A summary of these recommendations together with the proposed time frame for implementation is at Annex B.
A superintendent may delegate any of his powers and functions under this Ordinance.
A supervisor's reasonable expenses necessary to perform their duties shall be borne by the listed company.
A supplementary bus service has been extended to the Leung King area.
A supporter has the duty to maintain the house possessed by the aged person.
A supporter shall not require the aged person to do physical labour beyond his strength.
A surety may not exercise the right provided in the preceding paragraph in any of the following circumstances.
A survey of prison inmates also showed that the scheme was widely supported.
A surveying and mapping unit shall establish and improve the system of quality control over its surveying and mapping results.
A table illustrating the average grades attained in ASLUE are set out at Annex A.
A table of such statistics for the past three financial years is at Annex.
A table setting out the various types of enforcement action is attached for Members' easy reference.
A table showing the breakdown of these accidents by different environmental factors is as follows.
A tax refund is a one time deal, whereas a tax cut has recurrent consequences.
A taxlord collects land tax on behalf of the government which is an administrative measure.
A tenure system shall be adopted for the posts of leading members according to the provisions of the state.
A testator may, in an emergency situation, make a nuncupative will, which shall be witnessed by two or more witnesses.
A third industrial estate at Tseung Kwan O will come on stream in 1993.
A thorough solution to the problem is a comprehensive review and reform of the public assistance system.
A three year period is a short space of time in terms of political development.
A total ban on investment in emerging markets is therefore unnecessary.
A treaty does not create either obligations or rights for a third State without its consent.
A vessel sailing on international routes failing to go through the formalities for entering or exiting the port.
A video on the prevention of the disease is being shown at general out patient clinics.
A voluntary acknowledgment to the obligee, admitting the present existence of the antecedent indebtedness.
A voter may agree with one or two of the plans while disagreeing with another plan or two.
A waiver of presentment is also a waiver of notice of dishonor.
A will made in the form of a sound recording shall be witnessed by two or more witnesses.
A worker on probation may terminate his contract of employment without notice.
A worker re employed by the same employer for the same job shall not subject to probation.
A worker shall be entitled to leave with pay for three working days.
A worker sought to resolve the debts of his family by committing suicide.
A written evaluation by the sponsor's auditor of the results of the audit.
A written notice shall be sent out within five days from the date when the criminal is put in prison.
A written plan stating how validation will be conducted and defining acceptance criteria.
A written ruling on the punishment should be made and declared to the offender immediately.
an article which is an infringing copy of a copyright work.
in settlement of the client's obligation to maintain an agreed level of margin.
Payment of % of the total Contract Price on presentation of the following documents:
ABC shall notify Customer of the name and address of each subcontractor.
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.
ACTING SECRETARY FOR TRADE AND INDUSTRY: Yes, I take note of your advice.
ADAPTATION OF LAWS (NO. 17) BILL 1999 SECRETARY FOR HEALTH AND WELFARE: Madam
1994 Annual Report by the Commissioner of the Independent Commission Against Corruption
The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts Annual Report July 1993 to June 1994.
ADOPTION OF THE RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE PROVISIONAL LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL OF HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION
ADPL's proposal preceded Governor Chris PATTEN's constitutional package by one month.
ADR has both long term and short term effects on our society.
AE departments provide round the clock service, which is easily accessible to the public.
AIDS Virus indicates human immunodeficiency virus, with the abbreviation of HIV.
ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO ACCEPT ANY ORDER OR GUARANTEE A MARKET IN WHICH TO OFFSET.
AND WHEREAS it is desirable to incorporate the members of the said College.
ANNEX II Recommendations which can be implemented without an independent authority.
API Starting Materials are normally of defined chemical properties and structure.
APPLICATION OF ORDINANCE TO COMPANIES FORMED OR REGISTERED UNDER FORMER ORDINANCES.
APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS OF COLLECTION OR ENFORCEMENT; LIABILITY FOR DEFICIENCY AND RIGHT TO SURPLUS.
APPROPRIATION BILL 1990 Resumption of debate on Second Reading which was moved on 7 March 1990.
About 670 vessels will fall within the ambit of this intended legislation.
Above this level, stamp duty will be charged according to a sliding scale, subject to marginal relief.
Above, I have attempted to highlight the key points on the Bill in the group's report.
Abrasive cutting machine (of which the grinding wheel should be particular) should be used for pipe cutting.
Acceptance once every two steps to the design and construction requirements of a license after passing a piece of hanging.
Access of the distribution box shall be plugged after cable insulation shake test.
Access openings in horizontal sections shall be located on the bottom of the enclosure.
Access to the Central Clearing and Settlement System  is currently limited to market intermediaries.
Access to the information superhighway is already a critical means to full participation in our society.
Access to the same suspension Siphon tube bucket rain water elevation should be in the same roof.
Accessibility by public transport will no doubt be a major factor in this consideration.
Accession shall be effected by the deposit of an instrument of accession with the Secretary General.
Accommodation arrangements are always planned in advance of the introduction of new courses.
According to Hong Kong's law, the suspect arrested locally should be put on trial in Hong Kong.
According to Miss Emily LAU, the Basic Law has utterly failed to honour the relevant undertakings.
According to a conservative estimation, the expenditure involved will amount to millions of dollars.
According to a government study, there are a total of 4 000 bedspace apartment tenants in Hong Kong.
According to a provision in the Basic Law, the Central People's Government has the power to remove the Chief Executive.
According to a survey by Oxfam, a total of 250 000 families in Hong Kong are living in abject poverty.
According to modern management philosophy, employees should do their best to look after labour welfare.
According to the law, they are responsible for the ethics of the relevant professionals.
According to the police, most indecent assault cases were relatively minor which often happened in crowded situations.
Accordingly, I propose to increase from $5.5 million to $6 million, the level below which no duty is payable.
Accordingly, I shall be moving an amendment to this effect at the Committee stage.
Accordingly, I shall move an amendment to the proposed section 47 to implement that proposal.
Accordingly, a new section needs to be added to the Bill, and the existing section 6 needs to be revised.
Accordingly, amendments are proposed to clause 8 of the Bill to give effect to these changes.
Accordingly, consumers will need to make themselves aware of the fees charged by their banks.
Accordingly, his Budget adopts a line of moderation and aims at stability.
Accordingly, once the scheme has been introduced in full we will look at this possibility.
Accordingly, section 5 of the White Bill needs to be reworded.
Accordingly, the Administration has been requested to brief us on how the mechanism is expected to work.
Accordingly, the voting that is going to take place later should be on the Government's proposal.
Accordingly, there are now substantial differences between the two pieces of legislation.
Accordingly, we have adopted a balanced approach which addresses both objectives.
Accordingly, when buildings with shorter lifespan is demolished, it does not mean at all that it is of poor quality.
Accountability virtually does not exist, needless to say accountability to the public.
Accountable officials who knowingly mislead the Legislative Council will be expected to offer their resignation to the Chief Executive.
Accounting for approximately 6% of the GDP, tourism has been able to generate annual revenue of approximately $64 billion.
Accounting vouchers and statements shall be handled pursuant to the provisions of the department of finance
Accounting vouchers, books and statements, and reports of enterprises shall be retained for at least 15 years.
Accrued interest will be paid or credited into the account only when instructions are received.
Accurate and reliable information shall be provided to individuals and enterprises.
Accurately set out side line of foundation pit C15 concrete cushion.
Actions in respect of trust property or the personalestate of deceased persons.
Actions to recover money secured by a mortgage or charge or to.
Activities included seminars, visits to the Supreme Court, quizzes and exhibitions.
Acts of Britain and China have repeatedly added to the confusion.
Actual penalties to be imposed will of course continue to be a matter for the courts.
Actually the concentration of sewage directly affects the surcharge to be paid.
Actually we can deal with the matter by two other approaches.
Actually, Hong Kong has many beautiful scenes of nature, only that they have not been put to good use.
Actually, Hong Kong is basically never short of capital for any forms of high risk industries.
Actually, I am rather disappointed that no representatives from the Home Affairs Bureau are present at this meeting today.
Actually, a Blue Bill can achieve exactly the same result as what a White Bill does.
Actually, it is the Government which should, over the long term, be helping them to solve the problem.
Actually, my motion also includes a review on the relevant policies.
Actually, our anticipated demand already takes into account the housing needs of new immigrants.
Actually, over the past few years, marked quantitative progress has been made in respect of direct social welfare services.
Actually, that was why the Labour Tribunal had to be set up in 1973.
Actually, the SSSV system is the simplest and most easily understood by the electorate.
Actually, the Secretary for Transport can conceive a far sighted, bold and innovative idea.
Additional Medical Treatment Insurance Clauses (Clause B) for Anxin Hospital Expense.
Additional Medical and Nursing Staff Required for Achieving Targets in Policy Objectives.
Additional PRH Estates under construction on sites within existing PRH estates.
Additional entries are necessary where provision is included in the Subcontract for.
Additional fee for delivering a seaman's identity book or a document of identity to a place outside Hong Kong.
Additional order for buses has been placed to provide the necessary back up for the light rail transit system.
Additional resources are deployed for enforcement of the conditions of the importation of labour schemes.
Additionally, if an employee is dismissed by reason of redundancy, he would be entitled to severance payment.
Additionally, margin requirements may vary from brokerage firm to brokerage firm.
Additionally, persons who need shelter from the cold can go to the shelters in community centres.
Additionally, there are other allowances and benefits payable to meet specific needs.
Additionally, there are provisions for appeal and for decisions to be reviewed independently.
Address by Member on subsidiary legislation laid on 7 January 1987.
Adequate facilities and drugs are available to treat patients suffering from dengue fever.
Adequate facilities for showering and/or changing clothes should be provided, when appropriate.
when the tool is being loaded,
where the claim so admitted has been lodged,
where the person is a natural person,
where the trade union has ceased to exist, 
whether compensation is payable under this section,
which are listed on the Unified Exchange,
which are required to be of a nonopening type,
which is beyond a Party’s control,
which took effect, 
which was, immediately befe the death of the deceased,
while the ferry vessel is underway, 
whilst the vessel is in motion,
who appoints an arbitral tribunal, 
whom he has reason to believe,
wilfully obstruct  interfere with,
wilfully  falsely pretends,
wilfully to strike any person,
will only be exhibited free of charge,
with interest,
with subsection (1), 
with the pri leave of the court,
withdraw the notice, 
within any principal fairway,
within the HKSAR, 
within the waters of Hong Kong,
without a licence,
without a licence, 
without a ticket,
without first having paid,
without having stopped the engine, 
without reasonable excuse fails to attend,
without reasonable excuse refuses  fails,
without reward,
without the pri consent of the Govern, 
wk towards the elimination of discrimination,
(a)(Omitted as spent),
(airpts of departure  destination),
(application of UCP600 article 23),
"Indser" means a person who makes an indsement,
"Instrument" means a negotiable instrument,
1 member as Deputy Chairman, 
2 copies of each of the following plans,
2 separate falls,
2 shall hold office f 2 years, 
3 shall be other persons,
4 members who shall be registered medical practitioners,
8 members appointed by the Govern,
A collecting bank may send,
A person who is a propriet,
An indsement, instruction,  entitlement der is effective if:
Any special condition of the vessel,
Conspiracy to commit genocide,
Driving instruct's licence,
Effecting service of judicial documents,
Every such master valve shall,
F each additional subject,
F each copy of survey recd plan
F the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that,
F the purposes of this subsection,
In paragraph (a),
In respect of the protective equipment zone, a propriet shall,
In this subsection,
Inedible Fungi,
Insert full name  address of each defendant,
Installation (including onsite installation),
It is hereby declared that,
Such window shall be so constructed that,
The Authority may request the Commissioner,
The auditors' report shall include,
Agreed standards inapplicable to breach of peace.
Agreement does not prevent transfer.
Buyers that receive delivery,
Dispositions that are commercially reasonable.
Duty to respond to requests.
When afteracquired property clause not effective.
When commingled proceeds identifiable.
When goods covered by certificate of title.
When notification ineffective.
a person has a claim in respect thereof,
a person presiding at an appeal,
a person who is serving a sentence of imprisonment,
accompanied by all relevant information,
accompanied by the appropriate prescribed fee,
accompanied by the prescribed fee,
acquire and hold property,
act as an estate agent, 
actions to enforce a recognizance,
adding to the Schedule the name of,
addressed to the Electoral Registration Officer,
adduce evidence in support of the case,
adequate receptacles for refuse,
advise the applicant accordingly.
after any such excision has been made,
after the commencement of his bankruptcy,
all birds except poultry.
amend Schedules 2 and 3.
amend any such Schedule.
amend the Sixth Schedule.
amending the provisions specified in Schedule 3.
an order annulling a bankruptcy order,
an order that the professional accountant be reprimanded,
any corporation of which that person is a director,
any expenses which may be incurred by the Government,
any failure to observe the conditions of a licence,
any further sums which the Contractor considers to be due,
any land upon which that building is erected, 
any medicine is a controlled medicine,
any person arriving in Hong Kong,
any person who is serving a sentence of imprisonment,
applied to discontinue his registration,
apply to the Court for directions.
appointed members, 
approved by the Director.
are currency in circulation,
are not securely wrapped.
attend any general meeting of a corporation,
attended an approved training course,
be accompanied by the following documents,
be accompanied by the prescribed fee.
be authenticated by the signatures of,
be automatic in operation, 
be closed at each end,
be contrary to the public interest.
be directed to the Superintendent of Detention Camps,
be divided into paragraphs numbered consecutively,
be exempt from section 14,
be given in the prescribed manner.
be in both English and Chinese,
be in possession of any hunting appliance, 
be in such form, as the Commissioner may specify.
be in the prescribed form,
be known as the Hong Kong Society of Accountants, 
be left uncovered by any other material, 
be made subject to such geographical limitations,
be paid from the general revenue.
be retained for further inspection, 
be served on the owner and occupier.
be signed by the Chairman and the Executive Director.
be signed by the President of the Academy.
be signed by the acceptor for honour.
be signed by the registrar.
be sold for human consumption,
be strong, rigid and easily adjustable,
be withdrawn at any time.
become a partner in a partnership,
becomes of unsound mind, 
been guilty of unprofessional conduct,
being welded to a structural steel member.
between Hong Kong and any place in China, 
between adjacent props in the same row,
by a Scheduled Government,
by a committee of the Council, 
by affixing it to the vehicle.
by an interlocking guard,
by any other suitable method.
by delivering it to the prescribed person personally, 
by expelling that student, 
by express despatch service,
by reference to the introduction of the Euro,
by refusing to issue a licence to the applicant.
by serving it by post.
by stated instalments,
by such other method,
by television or radio,
by the display of posters or notices,
call a witness to give evidence for him, 
Amendment naming secured party of record,
Authorization by one secured party of record,
Compliance with other law,
Definitions in other articles.
Exceptions: filing not necessary.
Information becoming seriously misleading.
Purported acceptance ineffective.
Requirements of possession not relaxed,
a person other than a natural person,
a receiver of the company is appointed,
access equipment which is in use,
accessible exits from the building.
accessions in accordance with article IX,
accompanied by all relevant information.
accompanied by the appropriate prescribed fee.
accompanied by the prescribed fee.
act as an estate agent,
adduce evidence in support of the case and,
be accompanied by the following documents
benzidine and its salts,
capable of passing a stability test.
carry any naked flame,
carry out any excavations,
change a wheel or tyre on a vehicle,
claim to be entitled,
compelling the production of documents,
competent person in respect of an amusement ride who,
completes an application in writing, 
compliance with an attachment order,
comply with the order,
complying with the provisions of this Ordinance,
conceded by the applicant for the order,
conducting a specified process,
confirm the punishment,
conspiracy to commit any of those offences,
conspiracy to defraud,
contain a statement setting out,
contain the following particulars,
contravenes regulation 13,
conversant with the provisions of these regulations,
copies of the documents referred to in regulation 7,
creates any nuisance, 
crude oils to which distillate fractions have been added,
decides not to seek reappointment, 
decline to authorize the scheme,
default has been made in the payment thereof, 
delete from the Schedule 1 the name of,
deliver his licence to the Commissioner,
delivered forthwith to the contractor concerned,
describe briefly any works to be carried out,
describing the area within which such road is situated, 
direct that the tax be refunded,
disallow any other claim,
do as little damage as possible,
does not include a loan of money,
does not mean an auxiliary power unit,
does not respond to the notification, 
does not seek to be reappointed, 
each duct shall be fitted with,
either close planked or plated, 
electing the members of the election committee,
employ such persons as he considers necessary, 
endorsed with the conditions to which the exemption is subject,
ends with the year of assessment which is,
engaged in unlawful harassment, 
engine room watchkeeping duties,
ensure that it is not used to carry,
enter into any contract,
exercise any power of appointment, 
exhibit any notice or advertisement,
exports any unmanifested cargo,
fails to comply with regulation 19,
filed in the prescribed manner,
filing or lodging any document, 
firmly anchored at the inner ends, 
fitted with a lock to the filling hole cover,
fitted with a suitable close fitting cover, 
floating profits made by clients, 
for the loss of any plant,
for the maintenance of good order at meetings, 
for the operation of a beach seine net,
for the production of documents,
for the purpose of investment,
for the purpose of loading or discharging cargoes,
for the purposes of a catering establishment, 
for the purposes of any Chinese charity in the Colony,
for the site concerned,
for the storage of the clothing of employees,
for the use of hotels, 
forfeiture of privileges for a period not exceeding 3 months,
from the supervision plan for the works,
generally carrying into effect the provisions of this Ordinance,
give names to those constituencies,
giving warning of a fire,
had not paid the tax,
hling of security devices,
harassing or disturbing any fauna, 
has appeared at the hearing,
has applied to discontinue his registration,
has attained the age of 65 years,
has been guilty of unprofessional conduct,
has been guilty of unprofessional conduct, 
has been used in drug trafficking, 
has committed a littering offence,
have effect for such period of time, 
have its contents removed,
have ready access to the tanker,
have smooth internal surfaces, 
having lost his ticket, 
he becomes of unsound mind,
he has been authorized to enter by the proprietor, 
he is employed by a registered dentist,
he is not an unfit person, 
he is the holder of an official passport, 
he was ordinarily resident in Hong Kong,
herbs or spices when used as seasoning,
holding himself out as a nominee,
holds an appointment as a public officer,
how members' contributions are calculated,
if a party does not have a place of business,
if he is subjected to illtreatment by the employer, 
if such an application is made it shall,
if the Authority is satisfied that,
if the acquisition arises,
if the complaint is made anonymously,
if the court finds that,
if the wife is the petitioner,
if, after such inspection,
imprisonment not exceeding 2 years,
in a designated camping site,
in accordance with this Part,
in accordance with this section,
in an examination by the Tribunal,
in any ship other than a passenger ship,
in any ship other than a passenger steamer,
in attendance on the construction site,
in case of an emergency,
in circumstances specified in the direction, or
in default of defence, 
in force at the time of its production,
in payment of the remuneration  allowances of the Commissioner,
in relation to a vehicle,
in relation to any other waste,
in relation to relevant property,
in respect of certain documents or classes of documents,
in respect of those premises,
in taking over the goods,
in the Chinese or English language, 
in the auditor's opinion,
in the case of a body corporate,
in the case of a company, it is,
in the case of a female,
in the case of a film given a classification under,
in the case of a mentally disordered person,
in the case of a ship,
in the case of a vessel being towed,
in the case of a waste disposal licence,
in the case of access roads, equally,
in the case of an animal,
in the case of an artistic work,
in the case of any chewing gum product,
in the case of any other company,
in the case of any other lawful marriage,
in the case of human remains,
in the case of incapacity of such member,
in the case of other air receiver,
in the case of skimmed milk,
in the case of transfer to other public service,
in the case of unissued shares,
in the clothing that is being worn by a person,
in the event of the malfunction of a safety device,
in the hours of darkness,
in the interest of the security of Hong Kong,
in the interests of the juror,
in the opinion of the Director,
in the opinion of the Insurance Authority,
in the public interest,
in the specified form,
in vessels of other classes,
incite another person to fight, 
inciting another to commit,
includes a copy of such a certificate,
incorporate any of those provisions,
inform him of the substance thereof,
inform the safety officials,
information identifying the applicant,
injurious or dangerous to health,
inspection of the ship is carried out,
installed in an easily accessible position,
insurance policies held by the Urban Council,
it is a statement to which thit is section applies,
it is adequately ventilated,
it is altered or defaced,
it is carried on within the hotel premit ises, 
it is convicted of any offence,
it is highly inflammable,
it is in an unhygienic condition,
it is in the opinion of the Chief Executive,
it is incapacitated,
it is intended to be exported,
it is liable to become dangerous,
it is managed by the Council,
it is not a Government measure,
it is not made in writing,
it is of adequate breaking capacity,
it is of good character,
it is ordinarily resident in Hong Kong,
it is removed from Hong Kong, 
it is resident in Hong Kong, 
it is road worthy,
it is satit isfied that an alteration should be made,
it is so constructed as to,
it is subject to adequate secrecy provit isions,
it is suffering from diarrhoea or vomiting,
it is the manager of an aerodrome,
it is thermostatically controlled, 
it is under the influence of drink or drugs,
it is used exclusively for pleasure purposes, 
it is used on a watercraft,
it issues a certificate of grant, 
it issues a duplicate of a money order,
it involves a train,
it is being used,
it is incorporated in Hong Kong,
it is necessary to do so to give effect to,
it is not made for gain,
it is properly maintained,
it is reasonable to assume,
it must be free from encumbrances,
kept at its principal office, 
kept in the custody of the manager, 
known as a common stored value ticket,
knows that the film so provided,
leave the working place, 
liabilities to general creditors,
lodged by the appellant with the Chairman,
maintained in a clean  orderly condition,
maintained in an efficient condition, 
maintained in good working order,
make a formal return to the writ,
make any instrument, 
make contracts or other agreements,
making available for the purpose of exhibition in public, 
manages or otherwise has control of a gambling establishment, 
may be amended or withdrawn by the Authority,
may cause any other properly interested person whom the coroner,
may confirm or reverse the decision,
may determine a period of,
may issue a uniform  a badge,
medically examine the applicant,
member of any committee of the Board,
minimum hours of rest shall not be less than,
must comply with the conditions of the order,
need not be kept in documentary form,
new nonHong Kong ships which are,
nominees of another person together with that person,
not be obliged to give evidence as a witness,
not to be construction works,
obtain the written approval of the Director,
obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws, 
of a corporation which has been dissolved,
of receiving shoretoship distress alerts,
of such stard of appearance  finish,
of the date of the sale,
on the closure of the trading fund,
on the death of the nominee buyer,
on the death of the registered buyer,
on the details of syllabuses,
on the ground that that person has been convicted of,
on the ground that the licensee has,
on the motion of the District Judge,
one of the following occurs,
only after the receipt of the translation, 
operating a space object,
order a person to produce documents,
order that such person be reprimed, 
order the production of relevant documents,
ordinarily resident in Hong Kong,
pay in respect of the seafarer,
pay the prescribed fee for registration,
pay the prescribed fee for the application,
pay the prescribed fee,
pay to the Commissioner the following licence fee,
payment of the prescribed fee,
permission to do so is obtained from the Director,
possesses the purpose of publication,
posted at the entrance to the crematium, 
prescribe the commodities that may be sold from any pitch.
prescribing optical appliances,
presenting himself includes,
preventing detecting the occurrence of any offence,
preventing the commission of an offence,
proceed to hear the appeal,
protected against pollution.
provide a good foothold,
provide the prevention of collisions at sea,
provide the ship with,
provided with an air inlet system which prevents
providing the classification of hawkers,
publish any such fm in the Gazette, 
published in the Gazette.
put in a separate container, 
readily accessible from the open deck,
recommission such pipe,
refuse the application.
refuse to authize such registration.
refuse to grant a permit.
refuse to grant the exemption.
refuse to issue a licence permit.
refuse to make a declaration.
refuse to register it.
refuse to so approve the company.
refuse to so authize the company.
refuses to be swn give evidence,
regular assistance in the Colony,
rejects the entire claim, 
relating to destruction of property, 
relating to such business, 
relevant international national codes,
remitted refunded in whole in part.
remove a liquidat from office,
renewal of a licence,
replace it with equipment which is safe.
request access to personal data,
require that the ship be registered anew.
require the driver of a vehicle,
require to be issued,
requires the poison the purpose of that business,
rescind the decree nisi, 
resident in Hong Kong, 
return the licence to the licensee.
search the person his belongings, 
serious bodily injury to a person,
serve as the secretary to the Committee, 
services to the Hong Kong community, 
set out among other things.
shall be a Superintendent of the Office.
shall be accompanied by,
shall be capable of suing being sued.
shall be discontinued in its operation.
shall be fitted with covers, 
shall be in operation again.
shall be in the joint names of the Party,
shall be paid from general revenue.
shall be published by the Direct,
shall be signed by the applicant,
shall be with red text against a white background,
shall contain declarations to the effect that,
shall continue to have perpetual succession, 
shall not be so applied affixed to,
shall not be used f any other purpose.
shall not discharge into a grease trap, 
show the Government as transfer, 
so as to cause an obstruction.
so far as is practicable, free from,
so installed maintained,
space allocated to the stage of finished articles,
specified in that permission.
specified in the notice.
specify an identifying number,
specify the conditions subject to which it is issued,
state the reasons for his objection.
state the time place where it occurred,
stating that such costs have not been paid.
studs affixed to the ground.
submit his licence to the Commissioner.
such amendment being published in the Gazette.
such extended period as may be allowed by the Direct,
such further moneys assets as may be,
such other infmation as may be prescribed.
such other persons as may be appointed by the Council.
such particulars as are specified in the notice,
such sums as may be voted by the Legislative Council,
such sums as the Board may brow,
suspend the operation of the assignment, 
television viewing the reception of radio broadcasts,
test main propulsion machinery.
that a builder's lift has a gate of robust construction,
that disclosure is made,
that the Tribunal has manifestly exceeded its powers,
that the applicant is not eligible to be registered.
that the carriage of persons in the lift is prohibited.
the Commissioner is satisfied that,
the Commissioner may in writing permit.
the Commissioner of Police should,
the Deans of the Faculties should,
the Deputy Chairman of the Council should,
the Direct of Education should use,
the Employer gibes consent, 
the Engineer gives consent, 
the European Economic Community may help,
the Executive Council may help,
the Futures Exchange Company may help,
the Government Chemist should do,
the Members to be returned f functional constituencies, 
the Requested Party consents to that surrender.
the Secretary Security his representative, 
the accommodation shall be adequately insulated,
the applicant has not less than,
the applicant's private address,
the arrangement has been approved by the Direct.
the berthing unberthing of a vessel,
the boundary of the site within which it is located.
the breaking up of a vessel, 
the communication was made on the person's behalf.
the conditions attached to the licence,
the conducting of examinations f students,
the contract is terminated under section 30, whichever first occurs.
the court magistrate is satisfied,
the date on which he was admitted to membership,
the date on which the poison was supplied,
the date upon which such disqualification was imposed, 
the depth of water in all parts of the pool,
the duties of probation officers,
the duties of the Legal Adviser,
the duties of the legal adviser to the Board,
the employee may, at his option
the employer is insolvent, 
the extent to which such sum has been paid, 
the filing fee advertisement fee has not been paid.
the following shall apply,
the following who shall be appointed by the Govern,
the inspection of boarding houses,
the intention of the elect is clear, 
the issuing of construction noise permits,
the licensee has contravened section 7, 
the likelihood of the action being effective, 
the list is taken to have no votes remaining.
the maintenance cleanliness of slaughterhouses,
the manner in which lengths are to be measured,
the manner in which the food is packed, 
the notification must be,
the obligation which the obligee has the least security,
the other part was supplied to the accused.
the parties to by whom payment shall be made, 
the person against whom the judgment was given,
the person against whom the der is sought,
the person insured is insolvent, 
the person is of good character, 
the person to whom payment shall be made, 
the physical location where the data are sted,
the place at which the exhibition may be held, 
the purpose which it is proposed the premises be used,
A collecting bank must exercise ordinary care in,
A legal person directly or indirectly controlling the listed company,
For each land boundary plan included in the record,
For "a designated patent application" read,
Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association subsector,
If its presentation is honored, the beneficiary warrants,
If the translation be made outside Hong Kong,
Members returned by functional constituencies (Group I),
On sealing an originating application or an originating summons,
Radiation hardened microcircuits and detectors,
Registered number in the register.
Table A shall not apply unless adopted by special resolution,
The language shall be succinct, plain and easy to understand,
Applicable rules if amount of deficiency or surplus in issue.
Security interest when person buys through securities intermediary.
Subordination of security interest created by new debtor.
Subordination of security interest in transferred collateral.
to furnish the following information (description of information to follow),
a bankruptcy order is made against a debtor,
a body corporate incorporated in Hong Kong,
a business registration certificate issued in respect of a business,
a certificate signed by an authorized surveyor,
a certified printed copy of this Ordinance,
a chairman who shall not be a registered medical practitioner,
a claim is brought by a claimant against a defendant,
a communal service shall be borne by the agent,
a communal service shall be that of the agent,
a communication referred to in subsection is issued,
a company to which section 35 applies,
a complaint is lodged under subsection (1),
a complaint is made under subsection (5),
a condition of the construction noise permit has been contravened,
a condition specified in a notice under paragraph (2),
a container designed solely for use in air transport,
a corporation over which the institution has control,
a corporation over which the person has control,
a criminal matter has commenced in Hong Kong,
a dangerous drug which is in transit by post,
a declaration to the effect that the threats are unjustifiable,
a deportation order is in force in respect of him,
a direction given under paragraph is not complied with,
a direction is given under section 13 in those proceedings,
a disqualification order is made,
a driver of a public light bus from,
a gas installer unless he is a registered gas installer,
a licence is granted or renewed under regulation 162,
a licence is granted or renewed under regulation 3,
a magistrate has issued a warrant under subsection (2),
a majority of the jurors who have been sworn,
a member of the Council who is present,
a member, during his term of office, is disqualified from,
a misdescription or clerical or arithmetical error,
a motor cycle not having a sidecar attached thereto,
a newspaper, magazine or similar periodical,
a notice of deduction complying with subsection (4),
a notice of the address of the Area Committee,
a notice under section 10(1A)(a),
a panel consisting of persons nominated by pharmacists' associations,
a parent or parent of his or her spouse,
a party is granted a decree,
a pension is withheld or ceases under this section,
a permanent resident of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region,
a person holding an appointment in Her Majesty's Forces,
a person is appointed as a director of the company,
a person is killed or seriously injured in an accident,
a person provides any services to another person,
a person satisfies the magistrate that he has a claim,
a person specified in Part 1 of Schedule 1,
a person suffers from pneumoconiosis and wishes to claim compensation,
a person to be the Registrar of Births and Deaths,
a person who bred or discovered and developed that variety,
a person who is experienced in insolvency matters,
a personal connection with the mentally incapacitated person concerned,
a pool permit to any authorized employee free of charge,
a power under subsection is exercisable,
a provision restraining that other party from molesting the applicant,
a public car park for any period of time,
a public officer appointed by the Governor,
a public officer in the course of his duty,
a purchaser in good faith for valuable consideration,
a reasonable amount in respect of remuneration of 
a reference is made under section 21,
a sea going Hong Kong ship wherever she may be,
a spraying room constructed of materials,
a statement describing the representation of the design,
a suitably qualified person to be Chief Inspector of accidents,
a trade description which is false to a material degree,
a typhoon or other climatic condition of a serious nature,
a valid Electronic Navigation Systems Certificate granted by the Director,
a valid Radar Observer's Certificate granted by the Director,
accept the return and make an assessment accordingly,
accords with the particulars thereof contained in the register,
actions founded on simple contract or on tort,
acts done privately for non commercial purposes,
adequate internal lighting shall be provided for the illumination of,
adequate lighting for the car or platform,
adequate support shall be provided for such drain or sewer,
adjourn the hearing to a later date,
administer an oath and receive evidence on oath,
all sums payable to the Government under the project agreement,
bring any animal, bird or fish into a museum,
by 10 or more members of that Committee,
by a combination of computers operating over that period,
by a further agreement to which this section applies,
by a red lamp hoisted at the gun site concerned,
by agreement between the Governor in Council and the Company,
by cheque, money order or postal order,
by delivering it to that person personally,
by delivering it to the person personally,
by marriage as provided by section 14,
by measuring or inspection devices,
by notice published in the Gazette amend the Schedule,
by or with the concurrence of the office holder,
by policy holders exercising options under their contracts,
by publishing it in one issue of the Gazette,
by reason of a successful appeal under section 38,
by refusing or failing to accept her application for membership,
by sending it to the prescribed person by registered post,
by sending such a notice to the owners' committee,
by submitting documents that are false,
by the Chairman or the authority on the appellant,
by the Government, otherwise than under this regulation,
by the Monetary Authority to the Financial Secretary,
by the Official Receiver or a trustee in bankruptcy,
by the performance of such experiment under any anaesthetic,
by the person on whom the notice was served,
by virtue of this Part, to a long service payment,
call upon the parties to produce documents or other evidence,
called the Equal Opportunities Register,
calls on the person at the invitation of that person,
cancel the registration of a registered gas supply company,
card operated or coin operated parking meters,
carries on an activity in contravention of section 4,
carries on the business of bottling or canning edible oil,
carries out work on premises contrary to subsection (1),
carry away efficiently all waste from processing operations,
carry on a business of leveraged foreign exchange trading,
carry out any work on such pipe,
carry out work to render the equipment safe,
carrying out the purposes referred to in section 4,
cause a stretcher to be provided at the site,
cease to exist after the issue of the document,
certified that his transfer is so necessary,
clarifying the meaning of the provisions of the Code,
clean protective clothing of a type approved by the Director,
clearly identify the premises in respect of which it relates,
come into contact with the water in any swimming pool,
commences with the day on which the order is made,
commits buggery with a man under the age of 21,
commits misconduct or neglect in any professional respect,
compiled by the supervising officer of the supervised person,
completed legibly by the person submitting the form,
completes a term of office and is not reappointed,
compliance with regulation 11 shall not be required,
complies with a requirement under this Ordinance,
comply with all applicable safety regulations,
concealing any offence under this Ordinance,
concrete at least 300 mm in depth,
conditions of eligibility for appointment as an authorized person,
confirm or revoke the decision or action of the Commissioner,
confirm the decision appealed against,
confirm the decision of the Drainage Authority,
confirm the order, with or without modification,
confirming the direction as originally issued,
confirming the enforcement notice as originally served,
constitute a health or safety hazard,
constitute a periodical payment for the purposes of this Ordinance,
constructed of galvanized metal or other non absorbent material,
constructed of sound materials,
constructed of steel or other equivalent material,
constructed of strong impervious material,
construction identifiable with a specific ship begins,
construction work carried out in compressed air,
construction work has been carried out on it,
containing dried partly skimmed milk shall bear the following declaration,
contains particulars with respect to the following matters,
continue to remain or stay in,
continuous or intermittent lines painted on the ground,
continuous round the circumference of the wheel,
contravenes any of the provisions of subsection (1),
contravenes any of these regulations,
contravenes regulation 13, 14 or 15,
control the compression of all persons in the man lock,
controlling the importation and exportation of marine fish,
converted to record the scale of fares as amended,
convicts a person of an offence under this Ordinance,
copying, attesting and the production of documents,
count and record the number of EC ballot papers,
covered entirely by impervious sheeting,
cross examine any witness who gives evidence against him,
customarily used as money in any country or territory,
cuts grass, removes turf or earth, rakes pine needles,
damage to any article incurred during the inspection,
damage to any of the goods incurred during the inspection,
damages or obstructs a means of escape from a workplace,
date on and time at which person is found missing,
declare areas of Hong Kong to be geographical constituencies,
decline to authorize the works and the use,
delivered throughout the premises under adequate pressure,
describe the foreshore and sea bed affected thereby,
describe the object or structure to be removed,
designating a product as a children's product,
destroy the intercepted material in the sealed packet,
details of the vehicle and its load,
detain for not more than 7 days any document,
determine a date for the commencement of its operation,
diagnose whether the claimant is suffering from noise induced deafness,
direct the Registrar to rectify the register,
directly or indirectly deprived himself of any resources,
disobeys a lawful order of an officer,
display the taximeter indicator,
disposed of by thorough incineration,
disposing of waste from a vehicle owned by the Government,
divide it into 3 approximately equal parts,
divide the sample into 3 more or less equal parts,
does not comply with the procedure specified in subsection (2),
does not satisfy the requirements specified in section 68(2),
drive a motor vehicle of a particular construction or design,
drive a vehicle into or within a restricted area,
drive any vehicle with its headlights illuminated on full beam,
during such absence or disability,
each authorized institution, consult with the following persons,
each calendar year beginning from 1998,
each lifeboat shall not exceed 8.5 metres in length,
each month during which the course is conducted,
each person whom he employs in an airport restricted area,
each succeeding period of 12 months ending on 31 March,
earned from the investment of Trust assets,
effects a contract of insurance through an insurance intermediary,
either spouse was habitually resident in that country,
electrical work on a neon sign installation,
eligible for appointment to committees,
emit any toxic or inflammable gas,
employment on board a ship registered in Hong Kong,
enable the settlement of all such contracts,
enacted in both official languages,
endorse the Defaulter Report to this effect,
engage in canvassing votes in a no canvassing zone,
engaged exclusively in the river trade area,
enter and inspect any common parts of a building,
enter and inspect at any reasonable time any premises,
enter and search any such premises or place,
enter the domestic premises at any reasonable time,
enters or attempts to enter any public sewer,
entitled to practise dentistry in Hong Kong,
equipped with a deep seal trap,
erect or display any advisory traffic sign or light signal,
erects a sign in contravention of paragraph (1),
establish or maintain any means of telecommunication,
establish such committees as it thinks fit,
every flywheel and moving part of any prime mover,
examine frequently the cooked and uncooked food of the prisoners,
examine witnesses and parties on oath,
exercise the rights provided in articles 62 to 65,
exposed surfaces in corridors and stairway enclosures,
extends the subject matter disclosed in the application as filed,
extinguish a lighted cigarette, cigar or pipe in his possession,
extinguishing, attacking, preventing or limiting a fire,
fail to obey any lawful direction given by an attendant,
failed to comply with any provision of this Ordinance,
fails to comply with a requirement made under this section,
fails to comply with any condition in a licence,
fails to comply with the obligation imposed by this section,
fails to keep and maintain that mooring in good condition,
fails to keep client monies in separate accounts,
fails to pay the tax in accordance with section 3(1),
fails to supply required information,
falsely describes any food or drug,
first becomes a contributor on or after the appointed day,
first obtains the consent of the occupier of such premises,
fish culture for the purposes of scientific research,
fitted with an inert gas system complying with regulation 51,
fix a date and place for hearing the claim,
fix a date for the hearing of the application,
fix the fees to be paid for the use of,
fixed assets beneficially owned by him,
following a guardianship application,
for a first offence, to a fine of $50000,
for a fixed term not exceeding 1 year,
for a limited or unlimited period of time,
for all types of polluting waste other than sludge,
for any Government vehicle free of charge,
for any purpose within the ambit of that subhead,
for disposing fairly of the cause or matter,
for multiple damages within the meaning of subsection (3),
for official or ceremonial purposes of the Government,
for receiving from the church council and considering,
for the carriage of passengers for reward at separate fares,
for the carrying into effect the provisions of this Ordinance,
for the cremation of human remains in any crematorium,
for the maintenance or other benefit of that person,
for the month immediately preceding the date of the accident,
for the period of the suspension,
for the purpose of entering any part of a library,
for the purpose of preventing or detecting a serious crime,
for the repayment of money borrowed under subsection (1),
for the storage of overalls, aprons and other working clothing,
for use as a factory, mine or quarry,
for vehicles of a particular class or type,
forfeited to the copyright owner,
forges a parking card or a display ticket,
formed to represent the interests of the occupiers,
forthwith make and execute a contract note,
freely convertible into Hong Kong dollars,
freight containers are packed or unpacked,
from facts observable or ascertainable by him,
generally by notice in the Gazette,
give particulars of the organized crime under investigation,
given by such owner under section 19,
giving the Chairman a notice in writing thereof,
goes to sea in contravention of subsection (1),
goods are seized or detained pursuant to a detention order,
grant an injunction restraining him from so acting,
grant by the Government to any person of the land,
grant leave to appeal by a single order,
grant registration to the applicant as a gas contractor,
guilty of misconduct or neglect in any professional respect,
habitation by caretakers or watchmen,
had an opportunity of being heard on the question,
had in his possession any pesticide other than agricultural pesticide,
has adequate technical, managerial and support staff,
has an impermeable floor or surface,
has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his creditors,
has been caught for sport or pleasure,
has been convicted of an offence against these regulations,
has been lost or destroyed, or accidentally defaced,
to give investment advice in return for remuneration,
to hear and examine witnesses on oath,
to hold any office or employment of profit,
to include the applicant's name in the Specialist Register,
to jeopardise the health or safety of any person,
to keep a register under section 70,
to keep proper accounts of all its financial transactions,
to maintain the donor or prevent loss to his estate,
to make a deposit with him or any other person,
to make in Hong Kong or import into Hong Kong,
to make or decline to make a grant,
to manage, administer and operate St. Stephen's Girls' College,
to manage, administer and operate the Heep Yunn School,
to new Hong Kong passenger ships wherever they may be,
to organize, supervise and equip the Corps,
to pack or wrap carcasses or poultry products,
to payment of the appropriate fee prescribed in regulation 183,
to prescribe the fees payable under this section,
to proceed with the execution of the drainage works,
to prohibit or restrict access to the Court,
to promote research by members of the University,
to provide reasonable maintenance for the applicant,
to reside at a place specified by the medical superintendent,
to show all his dealings with,
to such bank account as may be specified,
to supply such particulars as the Commissioner may deem necessary,
to surrender the plant or soil to him without compensation,
to take evidence and examine witnesses on oath,
to take such steps to render the training adequate,
to that person for incapacity,
to the Electoral Registration Officer,
to the applicant for, proprietor of, the patent,
to the extent specified in the order,
to visit any custodial institution or detained person,
to which these regulations apply pursuant to paragraph (1),
to whom notice of the meeting was sent,
trade or business address is changed,
training given to disabled persons in relation to employment skills,
transfer of assets of an occupational retirement scheme,
trunked watertight to the bulkhead deck,
two copies of the rules shall be sent,
under a Government lease or any agreement for such lease,
under and in accordance with a permit,
under section 82 of the procedural Ordinance against conviction,
under the provisions of paragraph (7),
under transhipment or in transit through Hong Kong,
use a centre pass issued to another person,
use either or both of the official languages,
used in connection with a gas pipe,
wages are due and unpaid,
was entitled to possession of the equipment or commodity,
was registered under the repealed Ordinance before the commencement date,
was served with an affidavit described in subsection or (2),
wear the protective clothing provided for him under regulation 6,
were imported under one bill of lading or air waybill,
when more than 2 persons take part or are present,
when notified to do so by the issuing authority,
when the act complained of was done,
when the learner driver is undergoing a driving test,
whenever the Council deems necessary,
where a recognized manufacturer requests cancellation of his recognition,
where a stairway from below leads into an enclosed superstructure,
where it intends to recognize a company under subsection (1),
where no guardian has been appointed by the deceased parent,
where otherwise authorised by the Requesting Party,
where the person holding such rights is a natural person,
where the purchaser is a natural person,
where the registrant requests that his registration be cancelled,
where the supply is for power purposes,
where the surviving spouse of the qualified person,
where the vehicle is overtaking another vehicle or vehicles,
whether compensation is payable under section 14(2),
whether compensation is payable under this Ordinance,
whether it is chargeable with any stamp duty,
whether or not interest is expressly claimed,
whether or not the register contains any particulars,
whether the deceased died domiciled in Hong Kong,
whether the other spouse consents to the application,
which are games or contests of chance, skill or strategy,
which has broken down on a road,
which he knows to be false in a material particular,
which is alleged to constitute negligence,
which is false or misleading in a material particular,
which is or contains polychlorinated biphenyls,
which is owned or managed by the Council,
which may give rise to a liability to pay compensation,
which may serve as proof of the offences,
which the Commissioner has specified need not be preserved,
who are the High Contracting Parties to the amended Convention,
who has authority over another person,
who occupies the premises in which the inside service exists,
who submits a security programme under subsection (4),
whom the Director refuses to register under section 6,
whose policy is included in the transfer,
with pressure settings in accordance with the manufacturer's specifications,
with respect to applications to any court under this Part,
with the texts combined in any manner,
with words describing its contents,
withdraw a proposal issued under subsection (1),
withdraw any proposal issued under section 42,
withdraw or modify the requirement,
within 5 days of that interim classification taking effect,
within the period specified in the order,
within the time specified in the report,
without an environmental permit for the project,
without reasonable excuse fails to comply with subsection (1),
words indicating one gender include all genders,
would not entitle the appellant to succeed in the appeal,
"Consideration" means any consideration sufficient to support a simple contract.
$40 for every defendant after the first defendant,
A committee shall consist of at least 3 members.
A person appointed under paragraph shall not be,
An "investment company security" is a security.
Delivery of an uncertificated security to a purchaser occurs when,
Designed to meet military specifications for ruggedized equipment,
Each additional copy of certificate of award or order,
Employers' Federation of Hong Kong subsector,
Every such appeal shall be in writing.
For each survey record plan included in the record,
For the purposes of any claim under this Ordinance,
In making an order for payment under paragraph the magistrate,
In the application of subsection to a corporate practice,
Materials for investor education, including but not limited to,
One third of the Member States shall constitute a quorum.
Part II shall contain a list of all other pesticides.
Part IV so far as it applies to vocational training,
Post 1994 ships shall comply with the following requirements,
Specially designed nozzles for the above processes,
The Commission may revoke a delegation under this section.
The following provisions shall apply as regards an Investigation Committee,
The reserved areas of business are the following,
With aluminum content of 97 percent or greater,
10 day period sufficient in non consumer transaction.
Applicability of subsection to sales of certain rights to payment.
Applicable consumer laws and other law.
Continuing priority over lien creditor, perfection requirements not satisfied.
Deemed rights of debtor if buyer's security interest unperfected.
Duties of secured party after receiving demand from debtor.
Expenses, risks, duties, rights when secured party in possession.
No security interest in commingled goods as such.
Priority if security interest becomes enforceable under Section 9 203.
Priority under other provisions, multiple original debtors.
Proposal to be sent to secondary obligor in partial satisfaction.
Rights of licensee in ordinary course of business.
Security interest in fixtures under real property law.
Security interest perfected or unperfected under law of new jurisdiction.
Security interest secures obligation to pay for financial asset.
Specified collateral, time of perfection by control, continuation of perfection.
a Deputy Chairman to be appointed by the Governor,
a Fellow or Associate of the Royal Institute of Chemistry,
a Principal Environmental Protection Officer of the Environmental Protection Department,
a barrister who is not a Senior Counsel,
Ship positionreporting systems and procedures.
Supplementary provisions.
Spiritual civilization and lawbased administration were reinforced.
 I turn now to the draft estimates of revenue.
Our products are surely of standard quality.
The cost of road construction is enormous.
A breakdown of such reports is at Appendix 1.
A detailed breakdown is at Annex.
and each Senator shall have one vote.
(2) deprivation of political rights; and 
 (2) criminal detention; 
(2) property owned collectively by working people; and 
(2) using a false economic contract; 
(2) using an invalidated credit card; 
(2) using an invalidated letter of credit; 
(2) having counterfeited currencies in especially huge, amounts; or 
(2) robbing on board the means of public transportation; 
(6) impersonating a serviceman or policeman in robbing; 
(6) the sum of illegal earnings being huge; or 
(7) robbing with a gun; or 
(7) other especially serious circumstances being involved. 
(3) resisting the uprooting of such mother plants. 
(3) illegally using another's credit card; or 
(3) confiscation of property. 
(3) fraudulently obtaining a letter of credit; or 
(3) other illegal operations that seriously disrupt market order. 
(3) robbing a bank or any other banking institution; 
(3) using a false supporting document; 
(3) the sum of illegal earnings being huge; or 
 (3) fixed-term imprisonment; 
(3) being involved in other especially serious circumstances. 
(4) gathering people to engage in affrays with weapons. 
(4) overdrawing with ill intentions. 
(4) forging credit cards. 
 (4) life imprisonment; and 
(4) helping remit funds to any other country; or 
(4) rigging stock prices by any other means. 
(4) in any other ways. 
(4) other especially serious circumstances being involved. 
(5) persons involved in organized international drug trafficking. 
(5) the death penalty. 
(5) resisting inspection by means of violence or threat; 
(5) any other acts. 
(5) defrauding loans by any other means. 
(1) gathering people to engage in affrays repeatedly; 
(1) fine; 
 (1) public surveillance; 
(1) property owned by the State; 
(1) beating a prison policeman or any other officer; 
(1) the circumstances being flagrant; 
(1) intruding into another person's residence to rob; 
(1) injuries resulting in a person's disability or disfigurement; 
(1) using a forged credit card; 
(1) providing fund accounts; 
(1) preventing another person from conducting major criminal activities; 
1. Decision on the Prohibition Against Narcotic Drugs 
to protect property owned by the State,
and to ensure the smooth progress of socialist construction. 
except as otherwise specifically provided by law. 
SECTION 8 CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY 
SECTION 8 CRIMES OF DISRUPTING MARKET ORDER 
SECTION 8 LIMITATION 
CHAPTER VIII CRIMES OF EMBEZZLEMENT AND BRIBERY 
PART TWO SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
SECTION 2 CRIMES OF IMPAIRING JUDICIAL ADMINISTRATION 
SECTION 2 PUBLIC SURVEILLANCE 
SECTION 2 RECIDIVISTS 
SECTION 2 CRIMES OF SMUGGLING 
CHAPTER II CRIMES 
CHAPTER II CRIMES OF ENDANGERING PUBLIC SECURITY 
SECTION 9 CRIMES OF PRODUCING, SELLING, DISSEMINATING PORNOGRAPHIC MATERIALS 
CHAPTER IX CRIMES OF DERELICTION OF DUTY 
SECTION 6 FINES 
SECTION 6 COMMUTATION OF PUNISHMENT 
SECTION 6 CRIMES OF JEOPARDIZING ADMINISTRATION OF TAX COLLECTION 
section 7 deprivation of political rights
SECTION 7 PAROLE 
SECTION 7 CRIMES OF INFRINGING ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
SECTION 7 CRIMES OF SMUGGLING, TRAFFICKING IN, TRANSPORTING AND 
SECTION 3 CRIMES AGAINST CONTROL OF NATIONAL BORDER (FRONTIER) 
SECTION 3 JOINT CRIMES 
SECTION 3 CRIMINAL DETENTION 
SECTION 3 VOLUNTARY SURRENDER AND MERITORIOUS PERFORMANCE 
Article 33 The principal punishments are as follows: 
Article 34 The supplementary punishments are as follows: 
CHAPTER III PUNISHMENTS 
CHAPTER X CRIMES OF SERVICEMEN'S TRANSGRESSION OF DUTIES 
section 4 crimes committed by a unit
SECTION 4 CRIMES AGAINST CONTROL OF CULTURAL RELICS 
SECTION 4 COMBINED PUNISHMENT FOR SEVERAL CRIMES 
SECTION 4 FIXED-TERM IMPRISONMENT AND LIFE IMPRISONMENT 
CHAPTER IV THE CONCRETE APPLICATION OF PUNISHMENTS 
SECTION 5 SUSPENSION OF SENTENCE 
SECTION 5 CRIMES OF FINANCIAL FRAUD 
SECTION 5 THE DEATH PENALTY 
SECTION 5 CRIMES OF IMPAIRING PUBLIC HEALTH 
CHAPTER V OTHER PROVISIONS 
CHAPTER V CRIMES OF PROPERTY VIOLATION 
Part one
PART ONE GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SECTION 1 CRIMES AND CRIMINAL RESPONSIBILITY 
SECTION 1 SENTENCING 
SECTION 1 CRIMES OF DISTURBING PUBLIC ORDER 
SECTION 1 TYPES OF PUNISHMENTS 
Article 1
Chapter I
CHAPTER I CRIMES OF ENDANGERING NATIONAL SECURITY 
otherwise, they shall not be convicted or punished. 
CRIMES AND CRIMINAL RESPONSIBILITY 
Supplementary punishments may be imposed independently. 
Criminal responsibility shall be borne for intentional crimes. 
In order to punish crimes and protect the people,
to maintain public and economic order,
The aim, basic principles and scope of application
fixed-term imprisonment and life imprisonment
Criminal Law of the People’s republic of China
General Povisions
the agreement for sale is not stamped 
the certificate has been issued upon false or erroneous information.
the certificate shall be prima facie evidence of the directions.
the claims arise out of the same cause of action.
the complaint is made anonymously.
the copy is treated as an infringing copy.
the copyright owner has prohibited copying of the work,
the disclosure shall be recorded in the minutes.
the disqualification is removed under section 72 of the Ordinance.
the document is a true and correct copy.
the document is a true copy of the original notice.
the document is evidence of all matters contained in it.
the document shall be conclusive evidence of, 
the document was certified by the Authority.
the guardian of the mentally incapacitated person.
the holders of any class of shares in a company.
the hours during which blasts may be fired off therein.
the identifying numbers assigned to applications under paragraph (1).
the identity of every insider dealer.
the information to be given in reports by auditors.
the inspector's record of service
the insurance requirements relating to the vehicle.
the intended beneficiary dies before the testator, leaving issue.
the issue of air pollution abatement notices for such pollution.
the livestock keeper (other than the owner).
the location and type of the premises or ship.
the location is in the form of a pit.
the location, extent and boundaries of that area are shown.
the machinery or plant is destroyed. 
the maintenance of discipline and efficiency in the Service.
the management and use of any Chinese Permanent Cemetery.
the manner and time of payment of that interest. 
the manner of giving of notice under section 18.
the manufacturer's code assigned to the licensee.
the matter shall be dealt with under this Regulation.
the mechanism driving the derricking drum is self locking.
the members of the election committee.
the mentally incapacitated person the subject of the application.
the modification in question is not prohibited by the treaty.
the name (if any) and address of the building.
the name and address of each defendant.
the name and address of the borrower.
the name and address of the declared member concerned.
the name and address of the registered mortgagee (if any).
the name and business address of the principal. 
the name and last known address of the maintenance payer.
the name of the chairman or other presiding member. 
the names and duties of those operating the ride.
the names of owners of registered designs.
the nature and quantity of the radioactive substance in question.
the negotiating States have in some other manner so agreed.
the notice contains a statement to that effect.
the notice to be given of such meetings.
the number and value of cash sweep tickets sold.
the number of rooms set out in subsection (1)
the number of the identity document of the member
the number of the persons interested or presumptively interested.
the number of units included in the certificate. 
the objection be referred to the Governor in Council.
the offer has not been withdrawn before his death.
the officer must have attained the age of 55. 
the official passport held by such other person. or
the oily mixture is not mixed with oil cargo resides.
the opening and closing times of swimming pools. 
the opening date of such exhibition or meeting.
the operating controls for which are located inside the cage.
the operator of a registered course is changed.
the other enactment were such an agreement.
the other provisions of this Regulation.
the outlet velocity of the fan in metres per minute.
the owner of the ship and his agent
the owners of not less than 5% of the shares.
the particulars of the offence being compounded.
the particulars to be furnished by applicants for such certificates.
the payment was made pursuant to a decision.
the performance of an obligation owed to the done.
the period of any suspension of that order
the period of the apprenticeship expires
the period specified in the communication has expired.
the periods for reviews under Sub Clause 5.2 [Contractor’s Documents].
the person is a company incorporated in Hong Kong.
the persons deriving title under a lessee.
the physical development of land for purposes other than agriculture.
the place of establishment of the organization. 
the power to form or acquire a subsidiary.
the procedure to be followed under this Ordinance.
the procedures to be followed at such meetings.
the production to the Superintendent of documents .
the professors, readers, lecturers, tutors and demonstrators of the University.
the proposals for compliance constitute a variation,
the proposed alteration is approved in writing by the Registrar.
the proposed denomination for that variety.
the purposes of the trade union were not unlawful.
the quality and satisfactory condition of those expressway works. 
the quantity of the cargo, where applicable.
the rate applicable to that debt apart from the bankruptcy.
the rateable value ascertained under this Ordinance.
the reasoned judgment of that court.
the rebuilding is in the public interest. 
the reception, treatment and custody of human remains.
the recognition of any College or Faculty.
the redemption of an issue of Government bonds.
the refusal to issue a licence. 
the registration of persons as safety officers under regulation 7.
the regulation and control of its finances.
the relative seriousness and place of commission of the offences.
the removal of property from one place to another.
the renewal fee specified in the Schedule.
the representative person has failed to comply with section 55(1).
the requirement of section 21 is not complied with.
the resources placed at the disposal of the inspectors. 
the revocation of such a licence by the Director.
the route or area to be served.
the rules of a recognized clearing house.
the safety of the premises and any person therein.
the same description of goods or services. 
the senior licensed assistant clergyman, if any.
the serial number allocated to the ticket.
the ship ceases to be registrable.
the ship is not within a special area.
the sick shall be immediately disembarked and isolated.
the solicitor's or foreign lawyer's ability to supervise his practice.
the statement referred to in section 81(6).
the statements referred to in section 40(1).
the structure thereof, as originally designed, is not altered.
the subordinate officer's record of service.
the substance is an oil like substance.
the substance is not a high residue substance. 
the suspension in question is not prohibited by the treaty.
the taking of whales in particular areas. 
the tanker is not within a special area.
the tar group designation of the cigarettes.
the technical memorandum applicable to the assessment.
the tenants of premises abutting on the restricted road.
the tenement was exempted during any period.
the tenure of persons appointed as members of the Board.
the terms of appointment of such persons and their functions.
the time and date at which the order was received.
the time of such entry
the trade mark offends against the provisions of section 12(1).
the trade union had not requested cancellation of its registration.
the type and gross registered tonnage of the ship.
the variation document is registered under section 20.
the vehicle or vehicles being overtaken are stationary.
the water is carried in a steel tank or tanks.
their imported goods other than food and drink.
their right of appeal under section 28.
there are special circumstances which warrant an award of costs.
there be credited to the Fund.
there is any kink or distortion in the rope. 
thereafter within 28 days of any change.
these authorities delay or disrupt the Contractor's work.
this section or section 13, 18 or 21
to acquire and dispose of movable and immovable property.
to address the Board on the prisoner's behalf.
to advise any Returning Officer as to whether.
to advise the person under supervision throughout the hearing. 
to afford protection to the crew in rough sea conditions.
to an inlet for the carriage of any trade effluent.
to any class of the public.
to any named trustees or proposed trustees thereof.
to any other person at the discretion of the librarian.
to arrange the grouping and sequence of Ordinances.
to be exported to purchasers outside Hong Kong.
to be visited by a representative of that State.
to cancel the licence as from a specified date.
to carry a load greater than the rated load. 
to collect any capital due to the donor.
to consider matters affecting productivity of industry in Hong Kong.
to consider reports made to it by the Council.
to contribute at the rate provided by section 8.
to create any committee under section 22(1).
to develop and manage country parks and special areas.
to diminish periodical payments.
to establish and maintain industrial training centres.
to facilitate the work of the Board. 
to give signals to the driver of the hoist.
to give signals to the operator of the equipment.
to hear and determine an appeal.
to import or export reproductive material of the variety concerned.
to initiate plans of University development.
to inspect and search the licensed premises and every part.
to invest its money.
to jeopardise the security of any detention facility. 
to keep any equipment in good and serviceable order.
to make loans to eligible persons. 
to operate the railways for the use of the public.
to perform any of its functions under this Ordinance.
to poisons to be exported to purchasers outside Hong Kong.
to possess an article for the purpose of such use.
to prejudice or affect the continuity of the company.
to produce books or papers required under section 74,
to produce for inspection documentary evidence of his identity.
to provide a sanctuary for animals and birds.
to provide educational and advisory services for credit unions.
to raise any loan under section 42(1).
to re lay or renew the mooring. 
to recover a refund of Government rent paid. 
to recover any money for anything authorized under this section.
to restrict the jurisdiction of that Court. 
to retain one part for future comparison. 
to such other entitlements as determined by the Council.
to the Commissioner in all other cases.
to the Director, in all other cases.
to the discharge of the liabilities of the credit union.
to the general revenue in any other case.
to vehicles with automatic transmission. 
to whether he had any reason to disbelieve the information.
to which any other requirement in this Regulation applies.
(c) the relevant tenement in that preceding year
(c) the repeal and substitution of section 59E(5)
(c) the revocation of the franchise under section 52(5)©
(c) the sealed packets made up under section 85(1),
(c) the sentence imposed is for,
(c) the shareholder controlling the securities company in other ways,
(c) The ship earth station shall not be used.
(c) The ship is not within a special area.
(c) the ship's navigation lights
(c) The street works have been completed, on the frontagers.
(c) the supervision and control of duties performed by members,
(c) the time and manner of payment of such compensation
(c) The trainee solicitor contract is terminated by mutual consent.
(c) the trustees of any relevant property
(c) the use of any facilities provided in a museum
(c) the use of unsuitable fuel or other material
(c) the vessel in respect of which it is issued,
(c) the voting on matters put before a meeting,
(c) there is proof upon oath that,
(c) there shall be clearly indicated,
(c) throws or places any thing therein,
(c) to appoint a treasurer, a secretary and an auditor,
(c) to contribute at the rate provided by section 8,
(c) to discuss any motion on general University policy,
(c) to his duly appointed agent,
(c) to invest any money belonging to the University,
(c) to produce books or papers required under section 74,
(c) to produce such documents as it may specify,
(c) to promote the improvement of facilities for visitors,
(c) to purchase, hire or acquire any movable property,
(c) to raise any loan under section 47(1),
(c) to take medication as prescribed by a medical practitioner,
(c) to treat decompression sickness and other conditions,
(c) training and experience in asbestos abatement work
(c) under any duty or obligation,
(c) under section 25(4) to revoke a licence,
(c) unless the cleats or cups provided on coamings,
(c) used only by an officer authorized by the Director,
(c) uses an identity card issued to another person,
(c) vary the passenger service licence in respect of,
(c) varying any such remuneration or amount of honorarium,
(c) videotapes or laserdiscs deposited under section 15G,
(c) voluntary contributions from shipowners, seafarers, or their organizations
(c) where exempted by the Building Authority,
(c) where no other means of connection is practicable,
(c) where that person is a student of the establishment,
(c) where the attorney is removed under subsection (1)(c),
(c) where the minor is illegitimate,
(c) where the person holding such rights is a partnership,
(c) whether or not that amount includes outstanding uncapitalised interest,
(c) whether the design is properly represented in the application,
(c) whether the invention is properly disclosed in the application,
(c) which has been precisely described in any publication,
(c) who is found committing any nuisance in the hospital,
(c) who satisfy the requirements of section 15,
(c) whose registration is cancelled under regulation 9,
(c) without prejudice to the responsibility of the licensee,
consignee, order party, shipper and endorsement, notify party
(d) (i) the storage of controlled chemicals
(d) 1 member appointed by the Regional Council,
(d) 1 member who shall be legally qualified,
(d) 2 barristers nominated by the Hong Kong Bar Association,
(d) 2 members of the Senate appointed by the Senate,
(d) A continuous sounding with any fog signal apparatus
(d) Australian Design Rule
(d) Boarding a liferaft from a vessel or the water,
(d) Contractor goes into liquidation or terminates its corporate existence.
(d) Denunciations received in accordance with article XIV,
(d) Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard (USA) No. 210
(d) Foundation income accumulated under section 6(3)(d),
(d) Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group,
(d) North West Ma Wan Traffic Light (south bound only)
(d) North and South Kwoloon Sewerage Master Plan
(d) There should be no recognisable sewage derived debris.
(d) a Justice or retired Justice of Appeal
(d) a car parking for the use of travel agents
(d) a declaration of conformity issued by a recognized manufacturer,
(d) a place at which only self employed persons work,
(d) a police welfare officer, appointed by the Commissioner,
(d) a power conferred by section 35 or 36,
(d) a registered contractor nominated by the Director,
(d) a search report in relation to the invention
(d) a valid Navigation Control Certificate granted by the Director,
(d) a visitor's permit for a resident of Macau
(d) a warrant under section 8(2)
(d) advertising material submitted under section 15K,
(d) advise the Government and the Institute on registration matters,
(d) agree to an adjournment or change of venue,
(d) all declarations of ownership made under the Act,
(d) all gas safety controls are in proper working order.
(d) all money borrowed under subsection (2),
(d) all property and assets lawfully acquired by the Council,
(d) all relevant information regarding the condition of the ship
(d) all resolutions passed or decisions made at the meeting,
(d) an owners' committee within the meaning of that section
(d) any annual allowance computed in accordance with this section,
(d) any design right or any document recording the design
(d) any direction given under section 12(1)
(d) any donations and voluntary contributions thereto
(d) any duty or function under section 17
(d) any gifts or donations received by the Board,
(d) any operating or maintenance costs at the new site
(d) any other details that the Board may direct,
(d) any other estate, right, share or interest in land
(d) any other purpose for which moneys are properly applicable,
(d) any person to whom section 31 relates,
(d) any pigwash contaminated by livestock waste,
(d) any public officer or person authorized by the Authority,
(d) Any requirement under section 26(1) is not complied with.
(d) any senior officer of the Immigration Department
(d) any sums paid in accordance with section 8(2),
(d) any transfer of the licence approved under section 8,
(d) any work involving any of the following activities,
(d) anything that is to be or may be prescribed,
(d) appoint a legal adviser to the Commission,
(d) appoint an acting Vice Chancellor and Deputy Vice Chancellor,
(d) are consigned from the same country,
(d) arising out of disputes over partnerships,
(d) as regards any workplace under the employer's control,
(d) assigns the Contract without the Contractor’s consent,
(d) authorize the entry upon and viewing of such premises,
(d) authorized officers, public officers and other persons concerned
(d) authorizing the Registrar to enter judgment by default,
(d) be accompanied by blank nomination forms,
(d) be printed on paper with a white background,
(d) be protected from the weather and the sun,
(d) be provided with non slip nosing in contrasting colour,
(d) be served personally or by registered post,
(d) behave in an indecent or disorderly manner,
(d) being lost from a ship or ship's boat,
(d) between any holing props or sprags,
(d) between the society and any other registered society,
(d) briefly describe the figures in the drawings, if any,
(d) bringing into or removing from Hong Kong the property,
(d) an exhibition of photographs or cinematograph films
(d) subjecting that person to any other detriment,
(d) subjecting the contract worker to any other detriment,
(d) by the Director of Education Incorporated,
(d) cargo tank venting and accommodation ventilation
(d) complies with Economic Commission of Europe Regulation ECE 43,
(d) Conciliation may prejudice the interests of a party.
(d) contain a full face photograph of the person,
(d) contain the full particulars of the change,
(d) cupboards or lockers for clothing
(d) delay any postal packet or mail bag,
(d) deposit any urn containing human remains,
(d) details of the financial position of the client
(d) determine the structure and the functions of the Secretariat,
(d) directing evidence to be given by affidavit,
(d) dispensing with formal proof of facts in proper cases,
(d) during any period when his licence is suspended,
(d) duties related to cargo or cargo equipment on tankers,
(d) Each wall of that room is of solid construction.
(d) either the purser or the catering officer
(d) engaging in any asbestos related activities,
(d) ensuring that workplaces are maintained in a hygienic condition,
(d) environmental impact assessment reports he receives,
(d) exclusions from territorial application pursuant to Article 70,
(d) executing requests for search and seizure,
(d) expose any film in a library,
(d) failed to renew his registration,
(d) fails to comply with a direction under section 10,
(d) fees to be paid under this Ordinance,
(d) first day covers with stamps affixed and stamped postmarks,
(d) for electing representatives to the Diocesan Conference,
(d) for the issue or renewal of a licence,
(i) has been lost or destroyed; or,
(i) has committed an offence under Part VIII; or,
(i) have income assessable under this Ordinance; and,
(i) having a storage capacity not exceeding 200 litres,
(i) having disembarked from a ferry vessel; or,
(i) having disembarked from an aircraft; or,
(i) cemetery and space plot or grave number
(i) he has reason to believe that ,
(i) he holds a current practising certificate; and,
(i) he is qualified to practise medicine or surgery; or,
(i) his annual pensionable emoluments; or,
(i) his reasons for considering the charge proved; and,
(i) hold office until a successor is appointed; and,
(i) implement State price guidelines policies, laws and regulations,
(i) impose a punishment within his powers; or,
(i) imposed or conferred on it under this Ordinance; or,
(i) in Form 1 in the Schedule; and,
(i) in a specified ship; or,
(i) in case it is a live protected wild animal,
(i) in connection with the giving of legal advice; or,
(i) by the person making the request; or,
(i) in respect of any drainage works; and,
(i) in the actual discharge of his duty,
(i) in the case of paragraph (a), banking business,
(i) in writing and in the specified form; and,
(i) in writing, by registered post; and,
(i) inability to perform the functions of his office; or,
(i) is a multi purpose card; or,
(i) is a true copy of the specified document; and,
(i) is an undischarged bankrupt,
(i) is bound by the decision appealed against; or,
(i) is false in a material particular; and,
(i) is not a suitable person; or,
(i) is occupied in connection with agricultural land; and,
(i) is or has been guilty of any misconduct; or,
(i) is the holding company of the other company,
(i) issue a pilot with a caution in writing; or,
(i) it does not meet the specifications for that purpose,
(i) its being sent to that place or person,
(i) its reasons for considering the charge proved; and,
(i) its use as a factory, mine or quarry,
(i) kept apart from other carcasses and poultry products; and,
(i) liquefied petroleum gas to a dim sum trolley; or,
(i) located in, or managed from, Hong Kong,
(i) maintain on board a record book ,
(i) materials used to insulate refrigerated compartments,
(i) more than 450 millimetres below the freeboard deck; or,
(i) neither knew nor ought to have known; or,
(i) not a Hong Kong ship; and,
(i) notify the permit holder of such cancellation; and,
(i) objectionable odours are eliminated,
(i) occupied by the relevant data user; or,
(i) of 4 months next before the relevant date; or,
(i) an amount of money specified in that requirement,
(i) of an offence against section 71(2); or,
(i) of less than 500 tons gross tonnage; or,
(i) of the spring loaded, or equivalent, type; and,
(i) of transmitting and receiving bridge to bridge communications,
(i) of which he has had notice to attend; and,
(i) offences relating to the unlawful taking of human life,
(i) on surface or in opencast workings only,
(i) one of the partners thereof; or,
(i) one shall be qualified as a mechanical engineer,
(i) only one application in respect of the geographical constituencies,
(i) outside the cab of the wagon,
(i) paragraph (a), to a fine at level 5,
(i) particulars of any previous application involving the same person,
(i) patents and of published applications for standard patents; and,
(i) performance is impossible in law or in fact,
(i) personally carried out such work; or,
(i) placed in any premises or part of any premises,
(i) policy holders or potential policy holders; or,
(i) postage stamps, whether obliterated or not,
(i) postgraduate medical education and continuing medical education,
(i) poultry, carcasses or poultry products; and,
(i) prejudice the investigation or detection of crime; or,
(i) premium income received from land transactions,
(i) prescribing a form for appeals under Part IV,
(i) prescribing the form and contents of any such documents,
(i) preventing the manufacture of infringing copies of copyright works,
(i) proceedings relating to orders under this section,
(i) produced pursuant to a requirement under section 5(6)(b); or,
(i) protruding pinfeathers are removed; and,
(i) provide adequate and efficient illumination within the tunnel area,
(i) provide for its students and employees appropriate amenities,
(i) providing a description and particulars of that animal,
(i) providing for the payment of fees to Certifying Authorities,
(i) providing information, documents and records; and,
(i) purchasers outside Hong Kong; or,
(i) pursuant to a request under section 16; or,
(i) put a notifiable gas installation into service; or,
(i) readily accessible to animals and birds,
(i) record on the instrument and memorial ,
(i) recovering (including forfeiting and confiscating) ,
(i) rectification of the register in relation to such details,
(i) registered as an elector for a functional constituency,
(i) registered wholesalers; or,
(i) regularly imported and exported; and,
(i) regulation and control of harmful radio interference,
(i) reprimand the registered contractor or registered examiner,
(i) reprimand the worker or contractor,
(i) require him to return it to the donor; or,
(i) results in the commission of an offence,
(i) safety precautions for working with asbestos; and,
(i) section 24D(2) is applicable; and,
(i) services to be performed by members,
(i) shall act jointly with the surviving parent; or,
(i) shall be in English script of Chinese characters; and,
(i) shall cease to be exempt under section 20; and,
(i) ships of more than 60 tons net register,
(i) shows or show no clinical signs of disease,
(i) specified in the hire car permit issued therefor; and,
(i) specify any fees payable under this Ordinance,
(i) specify the name and address of the new owner,
(i) states the reasons why he is so aggrieved; and,
(i) such documents relating to that vehicle as are ,
(i) such other particulars as the Commissioner deems necessary,
(i) supplying a photocopy thereof,
(i) take any employment, whether paid or unpaid; or,
(i) tested to verify that it is gastight; and,
(i) that estate may be sufficient for the purpose; or,
(i) that it was certified under subsection (1)(b),
(i) that no fault or carelessness in their conduct; or,
(i) that the document is certified by such officer; and,
(i) that the document is certified by such person; and,
(i) that the invention was in fact exhibited there,
(i) the Academy or any branch or part thereof; or,
(i) the Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap 311)
(i) the Association or any branch or part thereof; or,
(i) the British Library Board, London
(i) the Evaluation Council or any part thereof; or,
(i) the Exchange Fund Ordinance (Cap 66)
(i) the Institute or any branch or part thereof; or,
(i) the New Territories Ordinance (Cap 97); or,
(i) the President or of any Vice President; and,
(i) the University or any branch or part thereof; or,
(i) the Urban Council or the Regional Council,
(i) the addition shall not exceed ten sixtieths; and,
(i) the amount of interest due and unpaid,
(i) the appliance can be operated from one position only,
(i) the application is dismissed or abandoned; or,
(i) the application number of the international application,
(i) the approval document issued by the relevant authority,
(i) the attendance of the person before the appeal board,
(i) the compulsory acquisition of land or any interest therein,
(i) the conduct of examinations held under this Ordinance,
(i) the control and supervision of activities,
(i) the conviction, finding or adjudication and the date thereof,,
(i) the coroner has viewed the dead body concerned,
(i) the coroner who ordered the autopsy; or,
(i) the court fees paid by the judgment creditor,
(i) the date of filing of the designated patent application,
(i) the defaulter to whom the report relates; or,
(i) the depth and size of graves and vaults,
(i) the determination or specification of forms; and,
(i) the discovery by the owner of the loss; or,
(i) the driving and use of public service vehicles; and,
(i) the exact time and date of killing and bleeding,
(i) the extent to which the intercepted material is disclosed,
(i) the full personal name and surname of the applicant,
(i) the further deferred date; or,
the general safety requirement for consumer goods; or,
the import licence number, where applicable,
the importation, manufacture, storage, transport, supply and use of gas，
the information to be supplied by applicants，
the institution is not a recognized non local institution; or,
the instrument constituting or defining the constitution of the company，
the insurer specified in the direction; and,
the investment record of an appropriate index of securities; or,
the issue of duplicate licences and permits，
the issue of the permit; or,
the lights and shapes to be carried and exhibited，
the load carried by the lifting appliance，
the making of appropriate arrangements for that purpose，
the manufacture, use, sale or import of any Goods,
the motor life boat fixed radio equipment; and,
the movement of unregistered and unlicensed vehicles，
the name and domicile of each bondholder，
the name and rank of the authorized officer，
the name of the licensee，
the name of the person hiring the private car; and,
the name or names under which he was adjudicated bankrupt，
the naval, military or air authorities; or,
the needs of industry for trained manpower，
the number of persons killed or injured, if any，
the occupier or keeper of such premises; or,
the only such exit in the bus; or,
the owner of the premises shall comply with; and,
the owner, charterer, agent or master of a ship; or,
the period of temporary incapacity has expired; and,
the permit holder has not breached a permit provision，
the person is likely to commit an arrestable offence; or,
the person is not a suitable person; or,
the person making the request，
the place where the patient is detained; or,
the practice ceases to be qualified for such registration，
the present use of land or premises near the site，
the prisoner is likely to commit an arrestable offence; or,
the procedure to be followed in relation to,
the projected demand over a reasonable period for ferry services，
the properties and design strength of materials to be used，
the property is forfeited under section 24D，
the provisions of paragraph (1) relating to reconstituted milk, and,
the purpose to which the request relates; or,
the purposes of the Government's public works programme，
the qualification standards set under paragraph (b)，
the qualifications for becoming a member of any such class，
the reason for the proposed waste import，
the receipt, expenditure or custody of public moneys; or,
the register in legible form; or,
the register kept under subsection (4); and,
the regular medical and health services，
the relevant person is also the relevant individual; or,
the renewal of a licence referred to in that subsection，
the requirements of section 8(b) have been complied with，
the risk disclosure statement prescribed by section 7(2)，
the rope is properly secured to the drum; and,
the safe working load applicable to the suspended working platform，
the safety of persons in the stadium is promoted; or,
the salary of an officer's substantive appointment or appointments; and,
the same elemental ring and/or chain, nucleus or skeleton; and,
the seriousness of the offence suspected to have been committed，
the services of any profession or trade，
the ship's clearance from the last port of call，
the slaughtering of animals and birds intended for export，
the specifications and design calculations of the proposed work，
the speedometer of the motor vehicle specified in the document，
the street be closed to vehicular traffic; or,
the surveyor appointed under section 68(2); and,
the suspension and cancellation of certificates or licences，
the term of the lease has been extended; or,
the terms of the scheme (including of that arrangement)，
the total sum payable under the agreement by the borrower，
the trade union or association is a party; or,
the training and examination for each class of pilotage，
the trust (if any) governing the scheme，
the undertakings concerned agree to extend the time limit，
the valuation of construction works and quarry products，
the vehicle is not permitted to stop; or,
the work being played or shown in public; or,
this Ordinance or the Companies Ordinance (Cap 32)，
those listed securities; or,
throw or drop anything within the toll area,
to be made by the person completing the form; and,
to be qualified to practise medicine or surgery; or,
to believe as mentioned in subsection (2)(a); and,
to disclose the name or address of any informer; or,
dried milk to which no other substance has been added，
to engage in any mutinous or seditious enterprise，
to establish and operate a television broadcasting service，
to give investment advice in return for remuneration; or,
to hear evidence on oath or otherwise，
to include warning notices in the advertisements; or,
to members ordinarily resident outside Hong Kong; and,
to obtain the ownership of any property for valuable consideration，
to produce his driving licence for examination，
to provide against fire or accident on board the vessel，
to take copies of them or extracts from them; and,
to the applicant's legal advisers，
to the seriousness of the organized crime under investigation，
a false description; or,
under an Ordinance enacted before this Ordinance was enacted; and,
vary any 1 or more of those conditions，
wages and social insurance premiums payable，
was entered into before the date of the application; and,
was not authorized by or under this Ordinance; and,
was previously valued as a separate tenement; and,
were previously valued together as a single tenement; and,
when permanently maintained in breeding colonies; or,
where adequate permanent fixed lighting cannot be provided; and,
where drawer and drawee are the same person，
where the Pensions Ordinance (Cap 89) applied to him ,
which has been made under section 21(4); and,
which is being driven for any police purpose，
which is false or misleading in a material particular; and,
which may serve as proof of the offence; or,
which the authority or regulatory organization enforces or administers; and,
whom he knows is connected with that corporation; and,
wilfully disobeys a lawful and reasonable order，
wilfully gives a false fire or ambulance alarm，
with such number and type of machines or devices，
with whom he is or has been employed or associated，
withdraw that suspension; and,
without affecting the generality of paragraph (h) ,
without civil capacity or with limited civil capacity，
10 knots within the Western Dangerous Goods Anchorage，
16 years and is married，
1977 Act patents and patent applications; and,
2182 kHz using radiotelephony; and,
35 kilograms of conventional solid fuel per hour; or,
no more than 72 hours in any seven day period，
no less than 77 hours in any seven day period,
A cause for dissolution stipulated in the partnership has occurred,
An election under subparagraph (i), once made, is irrevocable,
Certificates set forth in paragraph 3 of the present Circular,
Civil and Criminal Procedure
Method of approach and securing to a mooring buoy,
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect paragraph (a),
Other existing spaces within the stairway enclosure shall be,
Property into which proceeds have been transformed or converted; or,
Such tests shall be carried out in the following manner,
The increase shall be regarded as Additional Services,
To which the Simla Rules 1931 are applicable,
a Safety Management Certificate under section 4(3)，
a Senior Occupational Health Officer
a casualty to a ship,
a certificate of exemption in respect of community use; or,
a certificate or diploma issued by a training school，
a claim for such costs as are expressly excepted therefrom,
a copy of or extract from any registered statement，
a demise charterer of the vessel; and,
a description of the vessel to be scuttled，
a fee payable under section 86 has not been paid,
a film including the work being shown in public; or,
a lifebuoy equipped with self igniting light，
a list of prizes in an unlawful lottery; or,
a notice having been given in accordance with section 87(1)(b)，
a program or data of a particular kind; or,
a provisional register of functional constituencies; and,
a scuttling operation under subsection (1)(c)，
a ship not propelled by mechanical means,
a specified dangerous drug by a specified person,
a statement of any such circumstances as aforesaid; and,
a subsidiary of the company being wound up，
a surcharge not exceeding 20% of such amount，
abandons the right to effect the disposal thereof; or,
adopt the biennial budget of the Conference，
against liabilities arising out of the use of such property,
all known dangers affecting such waters; and,
all liabilities shall be assumed by the Government，
all loads backed up by uninterruptible power supply，
all organic and inorganic matter and living organisms; and,
also serves other premises located within that building，
an International Load Line Exemption Certificate
an amount which is equal to 4% of clients' funds,
an approved card to operate an automatic vending machine,
an associate or associates of the relevant individual，
an authorized officer in respect of that road,
an autopsy has been performed on that body，
an entry is made in the register without sufficient cause，
an officer on the Model One Pay scale，
another person on behalf of the Authority; or,
another person on behalf of the Commissioner; or,
any announcement of the result of an unlawful lottery,
any arrangement to which the taxpayer is a party; or,
any committee established under section 4(2)(a)，
any committee of the Council，
any equivalent or lesser offence,
any instrument registered under this section; and,
any irregular industrial action short of a strike; or,
any loan or advance specified in the Schedule，
any object of the power is thereby altogether excluded，
any other dangerous or offensive article，
any other person acting in an official capacity; and,
any part of any stadium，
any person presenting himself through an agent or a representative，
any person whose conduct is referred to in the report，
any programme or course of study in medicine; or,
any property in, or apparently in, the person's effective control,
any related corporation of that corporation; and,
any relevant Marine Department Notice，
any subsidiary of that body corporate，
any supplementary information to those audited annual accounts，
any travelling expenses paid to the judgment debtor, and,
appeal against the detention order to a court of survey,
apply for the issue of a warrant under this section,
approved in writing by the Council,
are eligible to make an election under subsection (1),
are nominated by the Institute,
are not visible from outside the premises,
are suitably supported and stiffened; and,
ascertaining whether any amount paid for Government rent is refundable，
at a pressure safe in the particular conditions of work,
at any magistracy; or,
at that day is not a contributor; and,
at the postgraduate level; and,
attach specified conditions to the licence concerned，
authorize the entry upon and the viewing of such premises,
authorized in writing by the Director; or,
be destroyed; or,
cars fitted with doors which open outwards，
be situated to the rear of the driver's seat; or,
be the immediate landlord of the occupier of the premises,
submitted by a nominee on the nomination list concerned，
by accident or violence; or,
by agreement between the parties，
by one co-owner appointed by the others; or,
terminated by the seafarer for justified reasons; and also,
by virtue of a retirement scheme, any payment thereunder; and,
cancel such permits for breaches; and,
capable of combating fires in ruptured tanks,
casual payments of a non recurrent nature，
Each party will hold 1 original.
2) Transparency in housing information and information on housing supply,
2) documentation of his having worked in noisy environment, 
2) inability to continue operations due to heavy losses,
2) no person will benefit improperly from the collection.
2) promote a partnership between schools and parents,
2) the Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance (Cap. 132)
2. (1) The Disciplinary Committee shall consist of, 
2. A claim for contribution under section 26(2).
2. A permanent identity card shall include the following statement.
2. Appeals and applications under the Trade Marks
2. Application of Ordinance to child of common family,
2. Architects Registration Ordinance (Cap 408. Section 7(6))
2. Children born after 1 July of ethnic minorities,
2. Ensuring personal data will be respected and properly protected.
2. Examination of party liable to satisfy other judgment,
2. For seafarers whose wages are fully or partially consolidated,
2. If the company is incorporated outside Hong Kong,
2. In this constitution, unless the context otherwise requires,
2. In running nips between pairs of rotating parts,
2. Names of government organs or government functionaries,
2. On appointment under the Mental Health Ordinance (Cap 136),
2. Payment into court under the Trustee,
2. Power to purchase property for the institution,
2. Propeller shaft and bearings (including stern and thrust)
2. Provisional Legislative Members of the PLC. 60 Council
2. The labor dispute arbitration commission has no jurisdiction.
2. Urban Council (Amendment) Bill 1997
where the Commission refuses to grant the licence, by that refusal,
in the case of a female child, on the earlier of,
In respect of claims for loss of life or personal injury,
divorce cases in which both parties have become reconciled after conciliation,
Playing an exemplary role in observing the Constitution and the law,
the name of any person who appears as a witness for the Director,
to be under the supervision of the Director of Social Welfare,
was not at the time of his registration entitled to be registered,
Issuance of a security is not establishment of a security entitlement.
other expenses to the extent that these are of an extraordinary nature,
to consider and adopt the report of the Board of Directors,
The conditions subject to which a permit is to be issued.
The making of a winding up order in respect of  the company.
The name of  the port to which it belongs. 
The number of passengers that may be carried and The manner in which They may be carried.
The place at which the motor vehicle is being held. 
Drafting the plan for the structure of the company's internal management.
The commencing and ending dates of issuance of the new shares.
The court is satisfied that the article, vessel or vehicle is liable to forfeiture. 
The standards to be achieved in order to pass the examinations.
The time limit and method for payment of the principal of and interest on the bonds.
Insurance to be provided by the Contractor during the DesignBuild Period,
Insurance to be provided by the Contractor during the Operation Service Period,
Annual Report by the Commissioner of the Independent Commission Against Corruption,
There is a little likelihood of concluding business at your price.
A member of the Customs and Excise Service or an authorized officer who is authorized,
Clandestine operation will mean it is hardly accountable to the public.
That the Government should make known to the public the whole negotiation process,
To prevent enterprises from making use of loopholes in the law,
Use democracy to improve the shape of the strange creatures which are the two Councils,
a balance should be struck between this and other areas of education,
discussing and deciding the termination and dissolution of the joint venture company,
Any person who is the registered medical practitioner of the deceased.
It is not allowed to operate kilns or slash and burn for growing crops.
No improvement has been made to the quality of preprimary education,
Reduce the number of persons who have to frequently make use of hospital services,
the laws shall not contravene international covenants on human rights, 
they have worked as a lawyer for at least eight years,
Any book which will not be made available to the public at large.
He accepts the shares upon the approval of the authoritative organs,
I am afraid there is no room to negotiate the price.
It is really difficult to comply with your request to shading the price.
How is it decided that the mayor be elected by the electors?
Should you be prepare to reduce your price we might come to terms.
The name of the commercial bank which is to be taken over,
The profits of the Corporation shall not be subject to taxation.
The registration of relevant motor vehicle is cancelled as per laws,
Where the Director carries out or causes to be carried out,
the capital is raised in compliance with the provisions of this Law,
the fetus is suffering from a genetic disease of a serious nature,
the manner of exploitation of the work covered by the license,
Shortage found during materials warehousing or after putting into the production.
The tenor must be in accordance with the terms of the credit.
We should like to advise you that payment by collection is acceptable.
We could grant you the favourable terms of payment as D/A  days after sight.
After the procedures have been passed, they must be fully implemented.
The Contractor shall carry out, and be responsible for, the design of the Works.
The total amount must be paid in full upon receipt of the shipping documents.
We hope to payment by bill of exchange at d/s .
Please hold us covered for the cargo listed on the attached sheet.
Please insure the electric fans at % of the invoice value.
We’d like to get a policy for total loss only for these goods.
the right of the Chief Executive to dissolve the Legislative Council an,
In any of the following premises or places that is to say,
I have some glassware to be ship to Hongkong.What risks should I cover?
projections of the aftertax profits for the companies for the current year.
There should be an urgent need for increase in residential care places.
Whether illegal structures will be included in the building inspection scheme.
The wooden cases used to pack the goods should be securely strapped.
All the goods will be packed according to the special way you require.
We plan to use cardboard or plastic cartons for the outer packing.
The cartons are well protected against moisture by polythene sheet lining.
Cartons are more convenient to handle in the course of loading and unloading.
As we are in urgent need of the goods, we would like you to ship them by air freight.
Rework and assistance in disposal by Party B in the production line.
All disputes in connection with this contract shall be settled through friendly negotiation.
If the buyer is the plaintiff, the arbitration shall take place in Beijing.
The losing party shall bear the cost for arbitration according to the contract.
The dispute shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator.
The survey has revealed that the damage to the goods is attributable to rough handling.
We have to put in a claim against you for all the losses sustained.
We have the right to claim against you for compensation of all losses.
A number of cases are broken and the contents are badly damaged.
Nearly 20% of the bales were broken and the contents badly soiled.
By adding the following as the Chinese text of the clause.
This Circular shall enter into force as of the day of promulgation.
The power to revise and interpret the present Rules shall remain with this Stock Exchange.
Your shipment of goods has been found short in weight by reinspection.
We are now lodging a claim against you for the short weight of fertilizer.
We hope you will settle this claim as soon as possible.
Claims for shortage must be made within 30 days after arrival of the goods.
Kindly remit us the amount of claim at an early date.
I’ll go to your company tomorrow in person to talk about the claim.
You should claim compensation from the shipping company instead of the sellers.
It seems we shall not be held liable for the shortage.
Please turn over these technical data to our side at the earliest possible time.
Expenses for the technology transfer shall be fair and reasonable .
The royalty rate shall not be higher than the standard international rate.
The royalty rate shall be 15% of the net sales value of the products.
The expenses incurred for this purpose will have to be borne by the Chinese side.
A Coroner's inquest will essentially constitute an independent inquiry into the matter.
A General Register will take the place of the existing register.
A High Court ruling says terror suspects have human rights, too.
A blade sharp enough to cut through metal would only evolve from nonstop innovations.
A body participating in the election must nominate candidates in the form of a list.
A breakdown by the nature of the cases received is as follows.
A breakdown of the number of courses under the four categories is as follows.
A breakdown of these tests by nationality is at Annex B.
A breakdown of vehicle types involved in traffic accidents are as follows.
A certificate of quality shall be issued after the test of prototype is passed.
A change to the method of calculating the permitted rate of return.
A conclusion has yet been made as to the admission of capital investment entrants.
A copy of the report will be provided to the Council.
A corporation is dissolved upon the effective date of its articles of dissolution.
A decision will be made by the International Olympic Committee in September 1993.
A declaration of confirmation by the auditor that an audit has taken place.
A definition of the new term will be provided in the Bill.
A work who has sustained employment injury shall be entitled to,
About a year ago, my partner at the bureau was killed.
About half of the remaining contracts were awarded to mainland companies.
Absence of a Standard Pool in Tin Shui Wai Swimming Pool.
Absence of this nature could adversely affect the operation of the district board.
Access control audit trails must be maintained sufficient to support an investigation,
According to statistics, 40% of the people regularly take Chinese medicine.
According to the doctor, I can still drive although I have poorer vision.
According to the record, he managed to make 61 visits to the site.
According to the rules of the game, my motion has been voted down.
According to this letter, signatory representative announced that he agreed as follows,
(13) to commit other acts in violation of law or discipline.
(14) It carries out any business by mixing up the codes.
in Hong Kong, the costs are all paid by the Government.
the response to the Governor's Question Time this year paled beside that last year,
when it is put into practice, it may prove itself to be entirely empty?
Another advantage is that the profits of a Crown Corporation belong to the public.
Another aspect is how the Government calculates the cost of capital.
Another example is the issue on the corporatization of the Housing Department.
Another key area of administration espoused in the policy address is helping the poor.
Another key point in this report is the performancebased pay system.
Another major type of allowance is known as ex gratia allowance.
Another matter relates to the expenses incurred by provision of care and attention to pneumoconiosis patients,
Another point is whether the Hong Kong currency will get support.
Any adjustment to the livable rate shall be deter mined by the State Council.
Any adjustments to the tax rates shall be determined by the State Council.
Any amendment of the contract shall come to force only after the written agreement is signed by both of us.
Any consignee must undertake the shipment on the strength of the quarantine certificate.
Any costs awarded to a defendant by virtue of an order made under this Part shall,
Any member of the Customs and Excise Service and any authorized officer may,
Any notice or copy of a notice required to be served under this Regulation,
Any other benefit given or intended to be given to any promoter.
Any patient brought by a voluntary agency should pay AE charge,
Any person who makes any false or misleading statement or furnishes any false or misleading information in connection with,
Any proposals that we put forward we will want to argue for,
Any renewal of registration shall be published after it has been approved.
Any transfer in breach of the proceeding provisions shall be void.
Anyone who is qualified upon the expiration of the probation term may take the post.
Apart from the Government, the general public should also participate in the supervision.
Apart from the necessary commitments against risks, monitoring is also very important.
The basis on which compensation is to be assessed shall be,
The decision adopted by the board of directors regarding listing application,
The investors are subject to the control of the same subject,
The ship in question has been the subject of a forced sale by the court,
The specifications for the national flag are set out in Schedule 1.
There occurs a business loss in the current year of the listing of securities,
This section applies to the following orders, that is to say
To assign or entrust any other institution to take it over,
a resolution passed by the general meeting and the board of directors,
having had practice training at a law firm for a full year,
the characteristics and trends of developments of the insurance industry, and
the fetus is with a defect of a serious nature, 
the name and address of the defending party of the application for reconsideration,
the term of the fund contract is more than five years,
those who transfer or loan their resident identity cards to others,
to purchase the realty or chattel at a reasonable price, and
where any provision of Article 10 of this Law is violated,
An offer of amends under this section shall be understood to mean an offer.
He has resigned from the job of notary on his own initiative.
It shall not be a contravention of this bylaw where a dog deposits.
No member of the Executive Council shall be required to take,
No person shall without the consent in writing of the Authority,
Nothing in this section or section 12 shall apply in relation to a tobacco advertisement in a printed publication.
Organization of tourist groups within the territory to travel outside the territory,
Requiring the related persons to hand in promises in written form,
The Authority shall not issue a licence to an applicant unless it is satisfied that.
The Bar Council may order the termination or suspension of a pupillage if it is satisfied that.
The Director may on such terms (if any) as he may specify,
The Third Schedule shall have effect with respect to the Board.
The circumstances of a case are within the apparent scope of a licence if,
The following are not regarded as having paid for admission to a place.
The obligation to return a seafarer under subsection (1)shall cease if the seafarer.
The operator shall not reopen any road closed under subsection (1).
The right of land use has been taken back in accordance with the law.
The specifications for the national emblem are set out in Schedule 2.
To propose a basis for the valuation and computation of the property of the enterprise in question,
if it is involved in a traffic accident and has not completed the necessary formalities,
land turned back, according to law or on a voluntary basis, by contractors,
notification of financial institutions to cease making loans available to such issuer,
of the measures in place to expedite the procedure for vetting and approving such applications,
the complainant does not want to spare time to assist in the investigation,
there are reasonable grounds for believing that it is in the public interest,
can we please stop putting the vodka in the crisper, 
carrying out a division or a merger of the company without approval,
children of the deceased worker who are under eighteen years of age,
clearly mention the part of the operation it is relating to,
commits an offence and is liable to a fine of at level 5,
COSTS AND EXPENSES PAYABLE OUT OF THE ASSETS OF THE COMPANY,
Copies of the leaflet will be distributed to all prospective tenants,
Could Government also consider lowering the number of students in each class which is 40 at present?
Could I ask the Secretary to inform this Council of the said rationale?
Could I be advised whether or not this is the present government position?
Could the Secretary also inform this Council whether we could shorten the visa processing time concerned?
Could the Secretary give us a written reply after the meeting?
Could the Secretary inform this Council when would the consideration process be completed?
Could the Secretary inform this Council whether reviews would be conducted in this respect?
Could the Secretary inform this Council whether the Administration has any planning in this connection?
Could the Secretary provide us with a copy of the same when it is ready?
Do we also need to give due respect to the number of votes?
Do we need to introduce other matching policies to tie in with the system?
Do we need to operate Chinese medicine outpatient clinics on a trial basis?
Do we really think that this is in the interests of the community as a whole?
Does Hong Kong believe in the rule of law or the rule of man now?
Does Hong Kong meet the requirements necessary for carrying out universal suffrage as soon as possible?
Going backwards would be to adopt an idea like not passing such legislation,
Government must be prepared to do its utmost to assist the affected business operators,
Government officials have never insisted that the public should purchase their own homes,
Government resources should be shared by all sectors of our community,
Government supports the idea of providing for security in old age,
How can he be seen as fair and selfless by the public?
How can it know what sort of manpower and resources to earmark?
How can the suspicion in society of collusion between government and businessmen be removed?
How could it protect the civil rights of the people in Hong Kang?
How could the citizens be convinced to support the creation of the URA?
How do the people of Hong Kong view the White Paper?
How has the Government arrived at such an amount of compensation?
How is the Financial Secretary going to reduce the budget deficit?
How is the Government going to face up to these worries?
However, I am not, at the moment, aware of such cases.
However, I believe where there is a system, there must be talents.
However, I do not believe that it will happen to our world.
However, I do not think I have any choice after I have gone over all the proposals.
However, I do not want them to dump their waste materials into landfills.
However, I do not wish to make any speculation at the present stage.
However, I hope that fellow councillors would set their eyes on the general good of the whole of Hong Kong.
However, I hope that it would not be the same in the future.
However, I still have some worries which must be spelled out.
However, I still opine that these questions have to be discussed by society.
However, I think that as a government official at the front line.
However, I think that it is far from the true picture.
However, I think that the crux of the matter lies in whether there is real protection for the workers.
However, I think that the scale fees system was a mistake in the first place.
However, I think the problems with Schedule 18 are rather serious.
However, I will certainly look into this issue again during the next term.
However, an even more serious case of inequality befalls. Basic education.
However, as I see it, there has never been any start.
However, as far as civil servants are concerned, it is not possible to do so.
However, at least the Secretary for Home Affairs is present here now.
However, at the end of the day, the contribution will still come from employees.
However, by quality people, we do not just refer to those in the business sector.
However, can my motion be carried though it is not subject to an amendment.
However, emphasis shall be laid on the achievements in judicial work..
However, how can we expect events always happen as one wishes.
However, how will it go about the matter after the fiveyear period expires.
However, in recent years, the situation of outstanding wages has been worsening.
However, it appears the Government is rather helpless in this incident.
However, it has been learned that such methods work very well in Taiwan.
However, it is also obvious that China has not been properly consulted beforehand.
However, it is axiomatic that the workplace must be a safe place.
However, it is the responsibility of building owners to maintain their buildings.
However, it would appear that the reality is not exactly the way it should be.
However, monopoly has a drawback, which is the absence of competition.
However, no agenda shall be required in the event of an emergency meeting.
However, no description has been given the second carriage. What should be the content of the second carriage.
However, not a single word about this is mentioned in the pamphlet.
However, occasionally the HD does refer cases to the SWD for an assessment on compassionate grounds.
However, of course we are greatly concerned with the vacancy rate.
However, of course, there are many hurdles that we have to overcome.
However, so far the Government has yet to honour its promise.
However, such a body lacks credibility and has got no mandate.
However, the Financial Secretary has made no mention of this matter.
However, the Government has been saying "no" to this with some lame arguments.
However, the Ordinance has not set out any detailed guidelines for implementation.
However, the answers to these questions seem to be in the negative.
However, the criteria employed for determination are seldom made known to the public.
However, the crossboundary problem is not unique to the surrogacy issue.
However, the different types of interest rates are in practice interrelated.
However, the impact produced by sales tax will be quite substantial.
However, the implementation of emissions trading is largely easier said than done.
However, the project has not yet been finalised up to the present moment.
However, the question is, "Which form of monitoring is most appropriate.
However, the root of the problem may be deeper than that.
However, the whole Scheme has made no mention of all this.
However, there are a few points which I would like to add.
The petitioner is liable to pay the costs of the respondent if,
Adopting resolutions relating to increase or reduction of the company's registered capital,
All exploratory wells to be drilled by the Contractor shall be drilled to,
Being honest and clean just and upright Any other obligations as prescribed by law,
Not revealing the company's confidential information of the company without permission,
The Building Authority is to have regard to the qualifications, competence and experience of,
This section shall not apply to any allotment of share made by a company before,
To represent the foreigncapital enterprise in bringing a suit or responding to a suit,
resolutions adopted at the general meetings of the holders of fund units,
those having the nature of exaggeration and fraud in advertising goods,
A code of practice issued under this section shall come into operation,
For the avoidance of doubt, it is declared that a prospective candidate may,
The person appointed to be the Commissioner shall be deemed to be a public servant,
to intentionally delay the handling of a case so as to affect the work adversely,
did not receive a response to the request for information or,
If the request is not made in conformity with the provisions of this article,
a person who is an officer to whom this section applies, 
be construed as affecting the operation of any of the provisions of,
be construed as affecting the operation of any of the provisions of
(i) the places where, and the times when, a vehicle may be used,
as to the balance, as a contribution of trading fund capital,
Any person who, at a hearing by a board of inquiry,
At the conclusion of the hearing of a charge, the Commissioner shall,
If he refuses to do so, compulsory execution shall be carried out.
The Director and an inspector may, for the purposes of this Ordinance,
The Governor may, by order in the Gazette, amend Schedule 1.
The owner of a gas vehicle in respect of which a permit has been issued shall, if,
The sittings of the Court shall be 3 in every year, that is to say,
by delivering the document personally to the person to be served,
cutting off the supply of fuel to the engine of the road tanker,
designed so as to be constructed out of material which is
determining the place to which a seafarer is to be returned,
each of whom is not less than sixteen years of age,
evidence that the insurances described in this Clause have been effected,
exclusive right to the conduct of all Oil Operations in the Contract Territory,
his employer has ceased, intends to cease, to carry on the business
in the case of a claim for expenses for medical treatment,
is hereby established an office to be known as the Mercantile Marine Office, 
it is not practicable for the benefit to be used enjoyed,
make a general test examination of the books of account of the firm,
may specify the manner in which the work is to be carried out,
not later than the date on which it is authorized, 
on the day on which the contract of employment terminates, 
shall appoint a person to hold the office of Executive Director,
shall be in the form that the waste disposal authority directs specifying
shall hold office for such period as the Governor may determine,
specifying the manner in which surveys of ships are to be made,
such works as may be specified in the der to be carried out,
that he enjoys the right of abode in Hong Kong, 
that no alteration is to be made to the valuation list, 
the amount of the advance payment, then this SubClause shall not apply,
the death of any person occurring in connection with the ride,
the lessor was deceived as to the identity of the lessee,
the part or fitting used in the renewal is a part or fitting,
the refusal by the Director or an appointed organization to issue,
which is created by statute in fav of a person that,
are furnished by a person under a contract of service, 
the style of the wds  characters shall be the same, 
the value of all wk done in accdance with the Contract, 
to do such wk as may be specified in the der,
to promote the advancement of the art  science of medicine,
where the goods have been sold without any stipulation as to credit,
a Legal Adviser, to the Board who shall be appointed by the Secretary for Economic Services.
any person whose claim has not been allowed by the Revising Officer.
apply to a class or description of persons as specified in the regulations,
authorize such persons to deliver a detainee into the custody of,
be prejudicial to the safety or convenience of traffic or pedestrians using or expected to use such street.
bills of sale by way of security for the payment of money, 
compute twenty five percent of the total quantity of Crude Oil produced from the Contract Area,
dumping substances or articles anywhere in the sea or under the seabed,
for the purpose of reporting current events, does not infringe any of the rights conferred by this Part,
hot water hose connections, shall be provided to the satisfaction of the Director,
in the case of a person that is a body corporate,
in the case of a trade mark relating to services, in relation to,
in the case where the court is satisfied that the article,
indicate a period within which the directions shall be complied with,
it is fitted with cross pieces or cleats attached to the bottom,
it is or has been guilty of any mit isconduct, 
it is ordered to be detained in an addiction treatment centre, 
it is precluded from denying to a holder in due course,
it issues a certificate recognizing a body as a Rural Committee,
limiting the time for which a list of the crew shall remain in force,
public health environmental protection, as the Direct may think fit to impose.
shall hold office f such period as may be determined by the council,
shall indicate a period of time within which the directions shall be complied with.
shall indicate a period within which the directions shall be complied with.
stating the name last known address of the person to be restrained,
such donations as may be made to the fund from time to time,
the date at which any such person ceased to be a member.
the date on which the aircraft ought to have arrived, 
the denomination of coin to be used f the payment of the fee,
A copy of the leaflet issued by the Commissioner giving advice on first aid treatment.
A person acquires a security or an interest therein, under this Article, 
A person not in possession of an instrument is entitled to enforce the instrument if,
A person who guarantees a signature of an indorser of a security certificate warrants that at the time of signing,
A person who originates an entitlement order to a securities intermediary warrants to the securities intermediary that,
An instrument payable on demand becomes overdue at the earliest of the following times,
Evidences the carrier’s or a performing party’s receipt of goods under a contract of carriage,
Except as customary in international transportation, a tangible bill of lading may not be issued in a set of parts.
If the lease contract requires or authorizes the goods to be shipped by carrier,
It is recommended that settling tanks should be constructed separately from the hull structure.
Manholes in cylindrical shells must have their shorter axes arranged longitudinally.
On every payment of money out of the Bankruptcy Estates Account,
Steel for castings may be made by any process which has been approved by the Ministry of Shipping.
The following rules apply to a negotiable tangible document of title,
The involvement in the offence of an organized criminal group to which the offender belongs,
The performance comparison benchmark shall be defined at the beginning of the performance appraisal period,
a Chairman who shall be appointed by the Governor for a term not exceeding 3 years,
a bank is kept by one or more of the players exclusively of the others,
a boiler, a pressure vessel or a steam container belonging to the Crown,
a breathing apparatus complying with the requirements specified in Schedule 5,
a breathing apparatus complying with the requirements specified in the Fourth Schedule,
a certificate signed by the person by whom the vehicle was broken up or destroyed,
a chairman who shall be elected by the Council from among its members,
a chairman, who shall preside at the meetings of the committee,
a change of name of a registered ship under section 17,
a charge for the purpose of securing any issue of debentures,
a chief executive of the business in Hong Kong of the company,
a claimant against whom relief is sought by way of counter claim,
a company authorized under section 8 to carry on that class of insurance business,
a complaint is made to the Secretary in respect of a registered medical laboratory technologist,
a complaint is made to the Secretary in respect of a registered occupational therapist,
a confiscation order has been made under section 3 of the Ordinance,
a contract of service or apprenticeship is not a contract for the supply of a service,
a contravention of a condition of a permit granted under regulation 4,
a contributory shall not be entitled to present a winding up petition unless,
a criminal matter has commenced in a place outside Hong Kong,
a dealer has failed to lodge an auditor's report under section 88,
a decision is taken not to charge the person with any offence,
a deposit taking licence shall be deemed to be a reference to a restricted banking licence,
a direction given to him by an authorized officer under section 13 or 19,
a finding by the Commissioner or other senior officer that he is guilty of a disciplinary offence,
a finding by the Director or other member that he is guilty of a disciplinary offence,
a fire hydrant shall be provided in the tunnel at the end adjacent to that space,
a fixed pressure water spraying system complying with the requirements of Schedule 8,
a freight container during the first 72 hours during which it is at an approved container terminal,
a key plan showing the site of the private street or access road,
a licence under section 9(5) of the Ordinance shall be $790,
a majority of the persons constituting the Committee shall form a quorum,
a member of the committee of the Fire Insurance Association of Hong Kong nominated by that Association,
a mobile crane for which there is a valid mobile crane permit,
a motor vehicle which is constructed or adapted for use for the carriage of goods or equipment,
a note of the change in the partners and the date thereof,
a notice of inquiry which shall be in accordance with Form 4 in Schedule 2,
a parking space in respect of which there is a parking meter,
a patient permitted to be absent on trial under section 39,
a period, not exceeding 1 year, as the period for which the registration is to have effect,
a person against whom relief is sought by way of counterclaim,
a person appointed by the Organization to be the manager of a market,
a person convicted of an offence is a member of a partnership,
a person employed at a car park in the course of his duties,
a person has been convicted of one or more drug trafficking offences,
a person is accused before a magistrate of an indictable offence,
a person is admitted to the Correctional Services Department Psychiatric Centre,
a person is being detained pending his removal from Hong Kong,
a person is surrendered to Hong Kong by a prescribed place pursuant to prescribed arrangements,
a person named in the certificate has or has not been granted a licence under this Ordinance,
a person who is in possession or control of an electrical installation,
a person who, in the opinion of the Governor, represents the interest of the Hong Kong Shipowners Association,
a person whom he intends to arrest has entered into or is in any premises,
a plug which is intended to be connected to the mains socket,
a police officer at or above the rank of Chief Superintendent,
a political party or an organization that purports to be a political party,
a preliminary inquiry, instead of an examination by a board of discipline, should be conducted,
a pressure water spraying system complying with the requirements of Schedule 7,
a public car park for the use of vehicles driven by any member of the public,
a public officer in the exercise of his powers or performance of his duty,
a race or trial of speed on any road between vehicles,
a reference to a member of the tribunal who has ceased to act,
a reference to premises shall be construed as including a reference to 
a requirement made or a direction given by the Director under this Ordinance,
a requirement to install an automatic sprinkler system on the premises,
a risk assessment report recommends the use of an approved breathing apparatus,
a room or covered area where workmen can shelter during inclement weather,
a serious deficiency in his ability to perform or in his creditworthiness,
a serving member of a District Board who seeks election to a District Board,
a ship for use as fuel or store of the ship,
a ship in respect of which there is in force 
a space appropriated for a particular use from another space appropriated for the same use,
a specified quantity of waterproof adhesive dressings for application to wounds,
a sufficient description of the class to which the goods belong,
a survey or inspection which is carried out otherwise than by a Government surveyor,
a traffic sign or signal of the type shown in any of the figures in the Schedule,
a trailer the overall length of which does not exceed 2.25 metres,
a transfer made to secure payment or performance of an obligation,
a vehicle other than a motor vehicle and an articulated vehicle,
a vehicle the height of which (including load) exceeds 4.6 metres,
a vessel underway in transit through the waters of Hong Kong,
a vote is to be left out of account in accordance with paragraph (3),
a warrant has been issued for the arrest of the subject person,
access and egress is provided to the platform of the suspended working platform,
access to consuls of their State of nationalilty or State of residence,
access to the distillery may be obtained only from a street or road to which the public has access,
acquire and hold property of any description if in the opinion of the Commissioner such property is necessary for 
act and make decisions upon all applications for membership of the credit union,
adequately protected at the main switchboard against overload and short circuit,
adjourn for such period as it considers necessary to reach its decision,
administer an oath to a person appearing before him to give evidence at a disciplinary inquiry,
all money paid by the Government to the Corporation and appropriated for that purpose by the Legislative Council,
all such service may be aggregated in accordance with paragraph (2),
by a correction to the Government Rent Roll on the ground that the correction is wrong,
by any false statement as to the authorship of a work of joint authorship,
by applying it for such of the purposes of the Corporation as the Corporation may determine,
by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served,
by entering in the register such particulars thereof as may be prescribed,
by personnel while a ship is arriving at or leaving a port,
by reason of the trivial nature of the offence of which he is accused or was convicted,
by reference to the design and specifications of the refrigeration equipment,
by refusing or failing to accept that person's application for admission as a student,
by sending it to him by registered post at the address shown on the register,
