The slope felt steeper than normal.
But I do still feel a little regretful.
China's aerial athletes had a strong shot of victory.
Another Chinese skier, Cheng Shuang, was in fifth position.
Many athletes have struggled with the conditions at Sochi.
They noted that gradients have varied from typical training slopes.
China isn't leaving Sochi without bling.
The three golden metals was gained by women athletes.
Still, Li's success was hardly a surprise.
This is short track, so this is what happens.
Li's final time was 45.263 seconds.
The crashes turn it into the Nascar of the Olympics.
Western Sydney Wanderers was founded only two years ago.
Unlike Guangzhou Evergrande, it doesn't boast former World Cup winners.
Alberto Gilardino played on Wednesday.
The third Italian is Alessandro Diamanti.
That goal proved crucial.
The aggregate score was 2-2.
Guangzhou Evergrande lost only one match during the entire competition.
Guangzhou Evergrande remains top of the Chinese Super League.
The team that knocked out Guangzhou Evergrande was Henan Jianye.
This year, it has lost three matches already.
The club's motto is farfetched: 'Be the Best Forever.'
Even Chuck Norris wouldn't say that.
China also continues to boost the domestic soccer atmosphere.
He also said investing in soccer is investing in happiness.
Recently, Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao FC rebranded.
The club's website carries a picture of the Gilardino.
Gilardino has played 57 times for Italy, scoring 19 goals.
He wasn't selected for this year's World Cup in Brazil.
In Guangzhou, Gilardino will reunite with Marcello Lippi.
Like Gilardino, Diamanti has played for Italy.
His arrival comes at the right time.
How do you find a chess prodigy?
That wasn't quite like that for Henrik Carlsen and Sigrunen.
Henrik, 52, is a keen chess player himself.
But after a month or two, Henrik gave up, basically.
Magnus and his sister learned the rules quickly.
This quality has brought great help to his success.
Then came a turning point. Just before Magnus turned 8.
But he also didn't want them to become discouraged.
Magnus's interest started to grow.
He had a competitive streak even as a small child.
Magnus is more competitive than his sisters.
She laughs and gestures to her husband.
It's not from me, from him!
Soon he was entering and very quickly winning tournaments.
He was always in the same room.
I think that's the best advice I ever got.
But she's started to dabble with Play Magnus.
She describes herself as an introvert.
He got a lot of credit for that.
They thought, OK, now you're getting somewhere!
He'd been having fun and was merely lost in thought.
Now, says Sigrun, I just want him to be happy.
Such behaviour cannot be tolerated on any football match.
The decision comes into force as it is communicated.
FIFA immediately opened an investigation and promised swift resolution.
Some embellish all the time, some hardly at all.
The Count set out to perform a comprehensive empirical study.
You can clang heads and snap a hamstring.
You can get spiked in the soft tissue.
Another trick: how to calculate writhing time.
The study showed one thing emphatically.
The team that most often shows pain is Brazil.
The overall writhing-time champion is Honduras.
These World Cup newbies obviously don't get how this works.
The team with the most carnage in one game: Chile.
The fastest 'injury' yet: Enner Valencia, Ecuador.
The 11 players with the most votes would be selected.
They have three goals so far in this World Cup.
Two of Nishimura's decisions were gamechangers.
There was, however, little body contact between the two.
Their protests, of course, were in vain.
Croatia looked deflated having surrendered a 1-0 lead.
I blame the referee.'
He thought Nishimura had made the correct decision.
We think it was a penalty.
FIFA referees don't comment immediately after games.
Nishimura is by no means inexperienced on the world cup.
And the referee is a Tahitian named Norbert Hauata.
It could happen.
And it isn't just the alternates who lack experience.
But anecdotal evidence is everywhere.
You can't take away a good goal from a team.
FIFA operates differently.
Everyone all knows, that is, but except referee Jorge Larrionda.
England ended up the match with 1-4 and was eliminated.
A Uruguayan, Larrionda had never refereed games in Western Europe.
Even accomplished officials have ugly time.
He was heavily criticized during the 2010 World Cup final.
Peter O'Leary of New Zealand is an architect.
And Eriksson of Sweden just happens to be independently wealthy.
Referees received $38,000 each one for that year's tournament.
They must also be proficient in English.
It's been a long process.
You are like being under a magnifying glass.
We do physical training, and watch videos in a classroom.
Premier League referees, especially Webb, stood out.
In that competition, European referees did well.
Replays aren't fully conclusive.
It means the goal should be illegal.
Brazilians got a 3-1 win over a hard-luck Croatian side.
It was a highly questionable call.
Referee Yuichi Nishimura of Japan immediately blocked a shot.
Croatia coach Niko Kovac called the penalty 'ridiculous.'
The referee was completely out of his depth.
Everybody saw this was not a penalty.
I don't blame Fred, but I blame the referee.
We think it was a penalty.
Then, in the 11th minute, disaster struck.
Nikica Jelavic deflected the ball through defender David Luiz's legs.
Goalkeeper Julio Cesar never had a chance.
The goal sent a panic through the favorites.
Meanwhile, Croatia kept pressing.
Instead, Cesar got the ball.
The ball caromed off the post and into the net.
A little more samba soccer wouldn't hurt either.
Thursday's Stanford-Oregon showdown and Saturday's Alabama-Louisiana State grudge match.
She surveyed 113 Midwestern college students.
The results, published in the Journal of Communication in 2009.
133 participants watch a suspenseful speedskating competition.
Someone known for working with ill children.
Someone caught using illegal drugs.
Viewers expressed disappointment when the 'hero' lost.
There is a 'brain-heart connection' between emotions and cardiac health.
There were more auto-related deaths in cities.
A 133% increase from one to five.
Dr. Wood attends N.C. State sporting events.
It was crazy with the excitement, the pressure.
It was unbearable.
It is a far-reaching doping operation.
It implicated scores of Russian athletes.
They no longer disputed a damning set of facts.
It was an institutional conspiracy.
They are years’ worth of cheating schemes.
A lab director tampered with urine samples at the Olympics.
He provided cocktails of performance-enhancing drugs.
He corrupted some of the world’s most prestigious competitions.
The Federal Security Service is a successor to the K.G.B..
They broke into sample bottles holding urine.
Russian sports officials had vehemently denied the doping operation’s existence.
It was subsequently confirmed by global antidoping regulators.
He published more extensive evidence this month.
The officials continue to reject the accusation.
The doping program was state-sponsored.
Ms. Antseliovich, has not been directly implicated in the investigations.
She was shocked by the revelations.
I don’t want to speak for the people responsible.
Vitaly Smirnov is a top sports official.
His career dates back to the Soviet era.
They had been dismissed as a result.
He didn't know where they were.
He echoed Mr. Putin’s broad denials of a state-sponsored system.
He was closely involved in politicking and preparing for them.
Their pictures decorate the Olympic committee’s offices.
Scores were formally disciplined.
More than 650 others now are accused.
One photo shows Russians are kissing medals.
Paralympians in wheelchairs hold victory bouquets above their heads.
They agree to be doped.
They were largely unconciliatory.
These are for Western nations by global sports authorities.
Have you seen the Fancy Bear records?
He invoked medical records hacked by a cyberespionage group.
It is believed to be associated with G.R.U..
They can take banned drugs for legitimate therapeutic reasons.
The supposedly tamper-proof bottles were manipulated.
It held Russian athletes’ doping samples in Sochi.
It enabled officials to switch out their steroid-laced urine.
It’s lucky that the WADA had Rodchenkov.
Victor Berezov is a lawyer for Russia’s Olympic Committee.
The system is broken.
Russia’s global track-and-field athletes remain barred from competition.
Its drug-testing operations decertified.
They have to satisfy global authorities.
Wang Bin looked down.
Mr. Wang grinned.
This was the moment he had been waiting for.
It completed Cheng Shi’s dream.
He hailed from China.
Cheng Shi is a 21-year-old student.
He makes fan videos for a Chinese audience.
He pointed at the screen of his smartphone.
Thousands of people were watching him on his live broadcast.
We are very, very excited.
They look for eyeballs and new money sources.
China presents formidable challenges.
There is no presence of product over here.
He tackled the language.
I’m kind of a vehicle to leverage what we’ve done.
Wrestling’s answer is to go local and digital.
WWE has hired four full-time social media directors in Shanghai.
Locals devoured pizza and cream sodas.
They were watching a pay-per-view wrestling match.
They were playing the WWE’s latest Xbox video game.
Its dangers and injuries are sometimes shockingly real.
They’ve never really seen anything like us.
The athleticism is very real.
They are unfamiliar with wrestling.
They get it immediately.
Sports enjoys thematic support from the government.
Sports has historically been underdeveloped in China and online.
It is an industry research consultant.
Professional wrestling could use the eyeballs.
International viewers offer one potential growth area.
As China shows, international growth isn’t always easy.
PPTV subscriptions start at less than $3 per month.
It includes movies and other shows.
Wang Bin is WWE’s first mainland wrestler.
Wang Bin is a 22-year-old native of eastern Anhui Province.
He was an athlete after middle school.
He is a member of the provincial rowing team.
He later moved to Shanghai and took up sparring.
He caught the attention of representatives from Inoki Genome Federation.
Wang Bin spent three years in Japan.
He was noticed by WWE.
He signed a three-year development deal with the American company.
The moment finally arrived in Shanghai in September.
Wang Bin entered the arena to modern Chinese music.
He gave the crowd a traditional Chinese, kung fu-style greeting.
He pressed his right fist into his left palm.
His opponent is a wrestler named Bo Dallas.
He was booed by the Shanghai crowd.
Wang Bin tossed him to the mat.
He pinned him in a three-count on the second try.
Those include personas like Mr. Fuji.
People shouldn’t see you for your nationality or ethnic group.
The auspicious Year of the Horse is approaching.
The demand for his offspring is burgeoning in Europe.
The prize money was won entirely in 2009.
Wealthy Chinese are likely horse-buying candidates.
China in 2008 lifted its 60-year ban on horse racing.
But gambling horses reamins forbidden.
Would-be horse-racing watchers have found little interest without the gambling.
Some tracks have to close down.
He races horses in France, the U.K. and Ireland.
Mr. Tsui played in the Canadian professional tour in 2003.
Obviously, with wealth there's more interest.
The sport has experienced such rapid growth in Asia.
It is no coincidence.
You can't manufacture this champion.
Capitalize on the growing popularity of the sport in Asia.
Singapore will host the WTA Championships in October.
Monday, the WTA officially launches its Road to Singapore campaign.
Eight players will qualify for the singles event.
Li moved up to third in the official WTA rankings.
Li Na won the Australian Open on Saturday.
The qualification is determined by the calendar year results.
Li Na then thanked her physio, coach and her husband.
He does a lot of jobs.
So thanks a lot, you are a nice guy.
The crowd in the Rod Laver Arena erupted with laughter.
Also you are so lucky to find me.
Singapore won the rights to host the WTA Championship.
Istanbul held the event for three years.
The good news about Singapore is the five-year approach.
In Istanbul it was just three years.
Singapore is fully committed to five years.
Singapore has high standard of hotels, transport and other infrastructure.
We trust them.
She won the WTA Championships four times in her career.
The WTA Championships began in Boca Raton, Florida, in 1972.
The Chinese Internet was aflutter.
Most users congratulated her and celebrated her success.
Others commended the work ethic of the 31-year-old.
Too exceptional... you're the pride of Chinese fans.
They're not so fat anymore.
Both had been world champions.
Neither could do a sit-up.
Curling is often likened to chess on ice.
They're even watching their diets.
The people playing look like athletes now.
In the Olympic Village, we used to stick out.
There's those curlers.
One can bench-press 300 pounds.
They work with personal trainers, nutritionists and a sports psychologist.
They're ripped.
All they Twitter about is just pictures in the gym.
Curling has surged in popularity during the 2010 Olympics.
It is one of the world's most social sports.
The losing team then reciprocates.
Curlers are exceedingly polite in this way.
The Olympics have changed the face of curling.
Vic Rauter, a longtime Canadian curling broadcaster.
Curling is not a physical game.
It's not like a lot of the other sports.
It's a lot like golf.
Tiger Woods changed the way golfers think about fitness.
He wrote a book on curling-specific workouts.
You have to evolve with your competitors.
Mentally, workouts can improve focus under pressure.
The stronger guys are better at it.
Harris is the former Canadian Olympic medalist.
They are the Uneasy Games.
The 2014 Winter Olympics begin Friday in Sochi, Russia.
And that's just the start of it.
Is Russia ready?
Russia says it will be ready.
But there are voluminous doubts.
Reported costs are extraordinary even by already extraordinary Olympic standards.
The prior Winter Games in Vancouver cost roughly $7 billion.
Stories of corruption, worker abuse and runaway pricing are rampant.
The wild expenditures offered no assurance of architectural common sense.
But this was a relatively minor boondoggle.
Costs are only one part of the discomfort.
The International Olympic Committee did the same.
But there's evidence that not everyone's gotten the message.
We don't have any gay in our town.
And then there's the matter of security.
But it is acute in Sochi.
No pledge can assure 100% safety.
They believe even a small risk isn't worth it.
These issues have freighted these Games with a heavy concern.
Instead there is is a broad anxiety.
Sports seems to be the last thing on anyone's mind.
There will be curling and naturally, those fantastic curling pants.
These Games should resemble the Olympics you know.
Sochi will make names, give birth to athletic icons.
That should be the modest goal.
We're ready to show Russia's soul to all the world.
That is a big promise.
Is the soul ready?
Neither could do a sit-up.
I mean, we could have.
Someone had been holding our feet.
Paul Savage is one of two curlers.
The very notion of a pre-Olympic physical-conditioning test was controversial.
Curlers increasingly are adopting unorthodox training routines,for instance,weightlifting, and jogging.
Oh, there's those curlers.
One can bench-press 300 pounds.
I was in Nagano.
The Muirhead team, oh my gosh.
All they tweet about is just pictures in the gym.
Curling surged in popularity during the 2010 Olympics.
Curling is one of the world's most social sports.
Team Canada's E.J. Harnden is 30 years old.
The two teams will still sit down.
They'll be sipping a water or having a protein shake.
Curling became a medal sport in 1998.
Even those must balance training regimens with day jobs.
Those are increasingly treating the sport like a profession.
Vic Rauter is a longtime Canadian curling broadcaster.
How much does conditioning matter?
Curling's not like a lot of the other sports.
He won the world championship in 1972.
Curlers wouldn't have to walk too far to find one.
There's so much more to curling.
Curling's a lot like golf.
Personal trainer  wrote a book on curling-specific workouts.
The people you were competing against weren't either.
Mentally, workouts can improve focus under pressure.
Strength and endurance play the biggest role is in sweeping.
Li commended Bencic's controlled shots.
A challenge for Li was studying up on her opponent.
Bencic was playing her first Grand Slam.
Li put bags of ice around her neck during breaks.
Temperatures peaked at 5:45 p.m. Tuesday.
Her performance at Wimbledon helped turn things around.
Li lost in the quarterfinals at Wimbledon
I am still feeling healthy.
I still love this sport.
I will continue playing.
Australian Open: Venus Out, Li Na Through
The Swiss player beat Japan's Kimiko Date-Krumm 6-4, 4-6, 6-3.
Date-Krumm made her debut at the Australian Open in 1990.
She retired in the mid-1990s.
This is her 13th Australian Open.
The Belgian beat British No. 1 Laura Robson 6-3, 6-0.
We were expecting to be fighting people off.
I'm not sure many people knew who he was.
The summer tour included stops in Beijing and Shanghai.
They seemed more excited by Zou.
Mr. Roach also trains the Chinese boxer.
Zou is an obvious lure.
He won gold again in London four years later.
Zou made his professional debut in Macau in April.
Zou won a fight against Mexican Eleazar Valenzuela.
This weekend, he faces a third Mexican, Juan Toscano.
Bob Arum is a chairman of fight promoter Top Rank.
The pay-per-view model has been profitable in the U.S..
It hasn't taken off yet in China.
I looked at it more like an American.
It was more difficult than I thought.
Please believe me it will come.
It will be a huge market.
Top Rank is following the Chinese model.
Regional networks broadcast the program to viewers for free.
Regional networks allow the promoter to sell ads.
Ads will play during the fight.
This too is slow-going though.
But they're not.
Mr. Arum is an octogenarian.
Pacquaio may have had a relatively peaceful time in China.
Zou trained in the background, largely ignored by the cameras.
Li Na Reaches Third Australian Open Final
Li Na's coach Carlos Rodriguez unzips his tennis bag.
Li Na's coach pulls out a racket。
This grip helps with spin and control.
Rodriguez used to coach former No. 1 Justine Henin.
Li is unlike most players.
She has this feeling.
Rodriguez pointed to his hands.
Rodriguez wiggled his fingers.
She is like a kid of 20 years old.
She is under pressure.
When she was tight, the ball was flying.
Now she can come a little bit over the ball.
In 2011, she lost to Kim Clijsters.
Last year, she lost to Victoria Azarenka.
One time her head hit on the court.
Li seemed to sense that this might be her moment.
She tried to keep her expectations in check.
It is pretty close to the trophy.
At least I try to not fall down this time.
Li won the French Open in 2011.
She's an excellent mover and a powerful ball striker.
Serena Williams is the sport's most powerful female player.
Rodriguez began working with Li in the summer of 2012.
Rodriguez has encouraged her to approach the net more.
Henin used the tools so well.
Justine learned everything when she was 10, 12, 14.
Li has incorporated new skills with uncommon ease.
She is unique.
Her potential is unbelievable.
Li's confidence hasn't always been quite as impressive.
She decided to play Wimbledon.
She lost in the quarterfinals.
That result motivated her to carry on.
Li has had lots of luck in Australia.
Asked if she felt fortunate, she gave a cautious answer.
Until now, answer is yes.
China's Li Na marches on to the Australian Open finals.
Li is also China's top player.
They quickly tweeted screenshots of the ad.
Ms. Li won the French Open in 2011.
Ms. Li has yet to claim a Down Under title.
The women's championship is scheduled for Saturday.
 Ms. Li faces 20-ranked Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia.
Rolex couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
Rolex has a close relationship with tennis.
Rolex advertises a series of tennis players on its website.
She swept Canadian Eugenie Bouchard 6-2, 6-4 on Thursday morning.
All the stronger players have successively left the tournament.
Li Na can win this time!
This feared a repeat of past outings.
Ms. Li is 31, while Ms. Cibulkova is 24.
China's Li Na took another top spot Tuesday.
She became the highest trending item on China's Twitter-equivalent platforms.
This year begins on Jan. 31.
Her first was the 2011 French Open.
More recent articles have played it straighter.
Fans and writers remember the fever-pitch excitement.
She was a runner-up in 2011.
Li Na is in good form.
Now that Serena Williams is out, it's Li Na's chance.
Ms. Li will play her fourth Melbourne Park semifinal.
It took only 67 minutes.
Li, seeded No. 4, is the second-highest ranked player remaining.
Maria Sharapova is the No. 3 seed.
Maria Sharapova will play Simona Halep.
Victoria Azarenka will play fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska.
Azarenka has had an impressive run so far.
She lost the Australian Open final to Azarenka.
Li was also runner up in 2011.
Azarenka has won the past two Australian Opens.
Ivanovic's best year came in 2008.
She won the French Open.
She was runner up in Australia.
Bouchard is a much newer arrival to the scene.
Has anyone ever looked so unhappy to receive $132,000?
Li Na won her second Grand Slam title.
Li Na's expression says it all.
This is the people's money.
Li Na plays tennis well.
She's a professional athlete.
She doesn't need the public to give her anything.
Max, my agent, you make me rich, thanks a lot.
She famously left the state sports system in 2008.
She has repeatedly said she represents only herself.
Chinese tennis fans have largely rejected such arguments.
Ms. Li achieves success on her own 。
Li Na didn't give a smile to him.
Yiqing Zhou and Xueyin Shi let out the same response.
They are both 25-year-old second-year graduate students.
They are studying electrical engineering at the University of Dayton.
Their men’s basketball team won the Atlantic 10 regular-season championship.
They are a couple.
They are both broadcasters for Flyers games.
But they are not just any broadcasts.
The N.C.A.A. trip this weekend will be the second.
The Mandarin broadcast is in its second year at Dayton.
The Mandarin broadcast is LaPlaca’s brainchild.
Dayton saw an opportunity to try something similar.
LaPlaca said that Basketball is such a level game.
Basketball is a sport that crosses all languages, all boundaries.
Basketball made sense for us to start this program.
The clip had nothing but ambient crowd noise.
Zhou and Shi had met at Shanghai Normal University.
They quickly became rabid followers of the Flyers’ basketball program.
Zhou said that we love U.D.
Why don’t we share what we know about U.D. basketball?
The two have gotten familiar with all of Dayton’s opponents.
They can’t bring their emotions.
Friday’s audience will be far larger for a few plays.
My husband asked me how my evening was.
Glorious, I told him.
By 9 p.m., I was exhilarated, depleted, triumphant.
To a casual observer, the night was unremarkable.
To me, it was a miracle.
I watched Olympic hopefuls and took lessons.
Arthroscopy for torn knee cartilage soon sidelined me.
Joint replacements are a poor bet for 30-somethings.
Standing was excruciating.
When I was 53, a new challenge arrived.
But I wanted to start fresh.
I quit eating barbecue, shunned dairy, embraced kale.
I attended therapy and a support group.
One day my bad leg was working slightly better.
It requires muscular and cardiorespiratory endurance.
Players need nimble footwork and upper body flexibility.
That’s a workout comparable to intense racquetball or moderate rowing.
Other research suggests Ping-Pong may ease attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Jimmy Butler said that he sees 90-year-olds and 10-year-olds.
First requirement: clothing that didn’t irritate hypersensitive skin.
Silk shell and organic cotton sports bra, check.
Second requirement: footwear that didn’t accidentally torque a damaged knee.
White bowling shoes, check.
No diving for crazy shots.
Remember how to sweat.
I arrived at my local table tennis club cautiously.
After 20 minutes I wilted, but went home happy.
My knee didn’t implode.
I returned the following week, hit balls, lost matches.
I fumbled with scorekeeping, but who cared about points?
Just by playing I felt like a winner.
Don’t rush the attack.
Months passed, and almost imperceptibly, my stamina improved.
Opponents started to compliment my shots. I won a game.
I assumed it was a fluke. Then it happened again.
These days, slamming aces feels wonderful.
One blogger wrote that huge news for refrigerators everywhere.
Other fans hailed a last laugh.
Mr. Mankoff will also be working on Botnik Studios.
It explores using artificial intelligence to augment creativity.
Mr. Mankoff is a former graduate student in experimental psychology.
Mr. Mankoff is the de-facto star of the 2015 documentary.
He will be contributing to the magazine.
Now that you’re submitting, you are my mortal enemy.
The excerpts here have been edited and condensed.
This is my most famous cartoon.
I now own the trademark to the phrase.
Initially, the Trademark Office denied it.
Each one has the potential for broader elaboration.
This is an idea that comes from just seeing something.
It's a huge phallic symbolic if there ever was one.
I did this after that Heaven’s Gate cult.
That’s what I liked about it.
This one has been reproduced a lot.
It can also just be about mindlessly following a leader.
A lot of my creativity comes out of my speech.
I’m a little hard of hearing.
This punch line is an exaggeration.
This is a really dumb joke that everybody loves.
We should enjoy that stupidity.
It can be hard to figure out where to start.
Large swaths of the world stand still to follow it.
There will not have anyone judge you.
It completely mobilizes to host a soccer tournament.
You can stay in front of the TV set
You are immersed in the whole nation fell dejected mood.
Here's your guide to navigating this World Cup summer.
Everyone got to play.
It divided up by region.
In the end, 32 teams took off.
It is shortlisted for the World Cup finals in Brazil.
Of course, Brazil, which qualified automatically as the host nation.
Spain only played eight games to punch its ticket.
Uruguay has experienced 18 games of suffering.
It means that every nation is guaranteed three games.
From there, the tournament works under a straight knockout format.
Winner advances, loser goes home.
This is when the global fingernail-biting habit starts to spike.
It all culminates on July 13.
The final at the Maracan stadium in Rio de Janeiro.
The world cup will follow its final climax.
The country's glorious soccer history hadn't been written yet.
The five championships all came later.
So did the famous yellow-and-green jerseys.
The 1950 tournament was supposed to be the first chapter.
It was written during the final game.
Instead, it turned into the team's darkest day.
There was no real final in that world cup.
It meant that Brazil, having steamrolled through opponents.
Uruguay needed to win outright.
The party lasted just 19 minutes.
Ghiggia had other ideas.
He shaped to cross the ball.
He drilled a low shot to the near post.
The spot is a goalkeeper should always have covered.
There's only one film in the world.
You know from the beginning that it's going to happen.
You still try to avoid it.
Minutes later, Uruguay was the world champion.
Barbosa was the scapegoat.
Brazil did everything
It could to erase the memory of that day.
They called it the disastrous Maracanazo.
They even abandoned their white jerseys.
Brazil finally claimed its birthright
The team wore blue.
The Brazilians did it
Australia plays the 2010 runner-up, the Netherlands.
From there, go straight into Spain vs. Chile.
It could easily produce six goals.
Bosnia-Herzegovina are the new kids on the block in Brazil.
The country is part of the former Yugoslavia
It has only played FIFA-recognized international games since 1995.
The Dragons screamed through qualifying
As World Cup first-timers, the odds are against them.
Only seven have survived the group stage.
Take Croatia earned a surprising third place in 1998.
Perhaps it is the most confusing stadium at the tournament.
It sits some 2,700 kilometers northwest of Rio.
Workers had to scramble to finish it.
Lest the site be flooded during the rainy season.
It will be hot--around 32degC.
It will also be humid--often around 100%.
The World Cup hasn't always been this World Cup.
It produced in gold with a base of semiprecious stones.
The reward was getting to keep it.
It is designed by Italian artist Silvio Gazzaniga.
It came into circulation with the 1974 tournament.
The Jules Rimet trophy disappeared in Brazil in 1983.
It is believed to have been melted down.
Today's winners spend little time with their prize.
It's used for celebrations.
It doesn't quite have the same ring to it.
We're talking about decisions by referees here.
The U.S. national team's denim-design jerseys in 1994.
Replays show it wasn't so clear.
Germans are still upset about it.
Things evened out four years ago.
It was ruled out.
England went on to lose that game 4-1.
FIFA has adopted goal-line technology.
It tells the referee definitively whether the ball was in.
Now all the referees have to worry about is diving.
Did we mention diving?
When you think Brazil and you think soccer.
You naturally think three-banded armadillos, right?
Meet Fuleco the three-banded armadillo and 2014 World Cup mascot.
It fits squarely in the tournament's tradition of cartoon animals.
Goleo is the pantsless lion from Germany 2006.
They're not the edgiest of choices.
At least they're a little more creative.
The 1970s trend of just make the mascots dressed-up children.
Can anyone ever match the genius of Spain's 1982 mascot?
Mexico's '86 jalapeo pepper in a sombrero comes pretty close.
His name was Naranjito.
There will be a World Cup soccer match on Thursday
Much of the anxiety about overspending will dissipate.
The referee blows the opening whistle.
It will give way to an entirely new anxiety.
The home team will perform up to expectations.
For Brazil, that means only one thing.
It includs Spain, Mexico, Italy and Germany in 2006.
In Germany, we scored four goals in the opener
All anyone talked about was the two we conceded.
He led to a 4-2 win over Costa Rica.
Croatia is tough and experienced.
Don't be fooled by the checkerboard red jerseys.
Croatia is 18th in the FIFA world ranking.
It is the furthest thing from a cupcake.
Brazil should get its goals against Croatia.
The challenge will be controlling Modric.
He is a deceptive midfielder
He is the hub of Croatia's attack.
Modric isn't flashy
He didn't score or register an assist during qualifying.
He led the team in nearly every passing category.
He is the best of the team's most active distributors.
Lest anyone think he pads his stats with easy balls
That also includes Mexico and Cameroon.
A win doesn't foretell ultimate success.
They all lost in the semifinals.
Winning Group A is crucial
It is the favorite in Group B.
The Brazilians will likely stick to the high-tempo, high-pressure style.
They displayed in winning the 2013 Confederations Cup.
It is the style they played in 2002
Their current coach is Luiz Felipe Scolari.
He guided the team to its unprecedented fifth championship.
You can create opportunities for striker Frederico Guedes.
He has been part of a wave of top Brazilians
Opponents think they have Fred and Neymar under control.
The effect is overwhelming for opponents.
They can have trouble breathing.
The biggest question for the Brazilians may be their style.
Will prioritize winning a sixth world championship?
Scolari has made his priorities clear.
The only beautiful soccer is winning soccer.
Most of the national soccer teams have arrived.
Gaggles of journalists from Russia to Japan prowl the cities.
One crucial thing was still missing: atmosphere.
They festoon Brazilian cities during past World Cups.
Mireille Cillo is a 32-year-old tax lawyer.
In Brazil is celebrated June 12.
The glum mood reflects the mixed feelings.
Brazil is still soccer-mad
They are also mad
Billions of dollars have been spent on state-of-the-art stadiums.
The total bill is $11.5 billion and counting.
I have always gotten World Cup fever
I adore soccer
Juliano Escobar is a 32-year-old stockbroker in Sao Paulo.
This year I'm really down on Brazil.
I think that has affected the atmosphere.
Atmosphere is critical to any World Cup.
The host nation plays a big part as well.
She boarded a plane for Rio expecting a festive atmosphere.
We thought there would be lots of big parties everywhere.
It hasn't been as festive as we expected
Nearby, large black-and-white soccer-ball balloons painted with red crosses.
The mood is likely to brighten
Once Brazil's Selecao takes the field on Thursday against Croatia.
They are down on their country.
It is hard to imagine that.
The World Cup is going to happen anyway.
Why not take advantage of it?
Starting Thursday, everyone here is going to get very excited.
They will forget about the problems and the protests.
Everyone will be in the World Cup mood.
So many Brazilians have mixed feelings.
It is a testament to how the country has changed.
They are asked to underwrite them by organizations like FIFA.
I think that Brazil has evolved.
Football is our passion.
We were a nation of football
Brazil won the right to host the Cup in 2007.
Much has changed here.
Mass protests have since died off
Scores of recent strikes have added to the tension.
We didn't have Black Blocs.
We didn't have waves of strikes.
We didn't have protests of 30 people paralyzing a city.
He adds that many storekeepers were afraid that.
Put up World Cup decorations might invite vandalism from protesters.
Soccer is a part of Brazilian lifestyle.
At this time last year, the figure was 55%.
It compared with 41% a year earlier.
They were in matching yellow shirts.
They show their support for the Brazilian team.
He agrees with the protests.
They won't dampen his spirits.
Brazilians are happy.
It includs me and my son.
I agree with the protests.
It's not the time right now.
He is riding off.
The Brazil-Croatia opener is here on Thursday.
It is easy to see why.
The managing pressure will be a key to success.
Home-field advantage in Brazil also means enormous expectations.
They want something more.
They want a win on home turf.
The last time Brazil hosted the Cup.
In this soccer-crazed nation, the loss still weighs on Brazil
The death of a president might hang over other nations.
An unstated policy goal was to win it at home.
We're going to not only hold the World Cup.
We hold the best World Cup.
Da Silva promised leaders of host cities in 2010.
Brazilian bank Itaú Unibanco has developed a computer model.
Teams with the deeper traditions are more motivated to win.
The weight of Brazil's jersey is daunting.
Brazil has won the World Cup five times.
Although the last of those was in 2002.
It is home to Pelé.
He is arguably the best to have ever played.
That weren't enough pressure
A million Brazilians took to the streets.
Now, add the ghost of the Maracanazo.
Much of the pressure falls on Neymar
He is the rail-thin 22-year-old attacker
He is a speedy goal scorer
He is still unproven.
This will be his World Cup debut.
All the same, expectations are sky-high.
He was 19 at the time.
Pelé is a three-time Cup winner.
It will be a big pressure.
It will be our revenge.
Pelé said at a news conference in Paris in March.
He was even younger at 17.
That team had older major stars to share the load.
The Brazil team around Neymar, meanwhile, is young
It has relatively little World Cup experience.
Felipo also coached Brazil's 2002 World Cup champions.
He may be perfect for the job.
His specialty is inspiring great performances
Even Big Phil may need backup this time around.
Felipo and the psychologist have banned the word 'Maracanazo.'
They don't make up the bulk of the players.
They are seeking to repeat their 2010 World Cup win.
Those are poised to play at their fourth World Cup.
Others in this prestigious grouping include Italy's Gianluigi Buffon.
Colombian goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon turns 43 later this month.
He marks the tournament's oldest player
PELé was late, then very late.
Pelé is here.
The Brazilian soccer legend is 73.
He still looks fit.
At least close to fit.
A gold crucifix settled in the middle of his chest.
Pelé may no longer compete in soccer.
He looks ready for Studio 54.
It is called King of Football.
The futebol-heads are here.
He rows deep near the Genius Bar.
They want to know Pelé's opinions about the great.
The conversation will inevitably turn to another name.
It is an occupational hazard of Brazilian soccer.
He is a standard of excellence.
It seems unreachable, if not borderline cruel.
It causes many phenoms to shrink.
Neymar himself is wise enough to leave it alone.
He is the King of Football.
I am just a boy who wants to play soccer.
If only the job were so simple and humble.
He elevate himself from young sensation to soccer legend.
It typically given to Brazil's best playmaker.
The pressure on the host team is intense, almost overbearing.
His tugs his socks above his knees.
He owns a head of fantastic, malleable hair.
In 1958 in Sweden, he was only 17.
Back then Brazil had yet to win the global tournament.
They would go on to win five..
Pelé wasn't a household name.
He was just a youngster on a roster.
We didn't have this pressure.
It was not my responsibility to win the World Cup.
It is different for Neymar.
He is being tasked with this responsibility.
It is a heavy request, surely unfair.
International games are plentiful on the Internet and live television.
Major League Soccer offers a healthy domestic option.
Messi's 10 is easy to find on youth soccer fields.
We have our own sports idols here.
We have LeBron and Peyton and Jeter and Serena.
They are famous and fabulously wealthy.
It's hard for them to go to the mall.
International soccer fame is a different species.
It's cartoonish fame
It is seven-continent stuff.
George Quraishi is co-editor of the U.S. soccer magazine Howler.
This attention reaches absurd extremes amid a World Cup.
You think about human history.
How many truly great global shared experiences we have？
Maybe it goes back to the dinosaurs going extinct.
Quraishi says, and he is being only slightly hyperbolic.
It was watched by an estimated 700 million people.
He has yet to reveal it in public.
We suffer pressure in all of the things we do.
He says in an interview conducted over email.
It's normal in life
If you're an athlete, this pressure is bigger.
You are an example for many people.
I suffer pressure since I decided to become a player.
This upbeat attitude is quintessential Neymar.
He is hardly an unknown.
His fame seems to be in its opening stage.
Neymar describes his fashion style as comfortable.
I like to wear tennis shorts, T-shirts, caps.
It depends on the occasion.
I like a suit and tie in special moments.
He describes Neymar as 'a footballer for the YouTube age'.
Neymar began his professional career with Santos at age 17.
They are perfect for dissemination on social media.
He find a Neymar mask from the crowd.
A mystique began to grow around this ethereal, willowy talent.
We didn't see him week to week.
Elusiveness while dribbling is Neymar's signature talent.
He describes Neymar's movement to me as 'from another planet.
Unparalleled fluidity combined with speed and creativity.
He says that Brazilians 'play with happiness with emotion.
We have an expression
Neymar communicates this to me in Portuguese.
We communicate with the help of a translator.
The host team won the title.
Neymar was named the tournament's best player.
It fueled his homeland's emotional connection to him.
It is a figure still in dispute and controversial.
Santos claimed it received only a fraction of that price.
He tries to integrate himself into a club.
Many players have practiced together since adolescence.
He's trying to do the Timberlake.
The World Cup has the potential to be transformative.
Brazil has won five Cups.
It more than any other country.
This will be Neymar's first World Cup.
The coach decided the 18-year-old was too inexperienced.
The spot is entitled 'Risk Everything'.
Can Neymar live up to the No. 10 legend?
He now has relationships with 19 other brands.
He is still young.
It's essential to remember this.
His favorite musical group is the samba band Grupo Revelcao.
His favorite movie is The Pursuit of Happyness.
There is so much time left in his career.
He can afford to be patient.
Can soccer be the same?
Neymar's nearest ambition is the World Cup.
There should be other chances after Brazil
The opportunity before him is irresistible
The stakes feel ludicrous.
Do you remember the Australian Open?
There was also something about tennis changing.
Li Na won the women's event.
Her opponent in the final was first-time finalist Dominika Cibulkova.
Well, forget about the heroes of Australia.
The French Open is here.
Wawrinka and Li are gone, defeated in the first round.
It's the first time in tennis history that.
She missed shots and made poor strategic decisions.
Her opponent is 21-year-old Frenchwoman Kristina Mladenovic.
She won the junior title here in 2009.
She has had a poor season、
I think it doesn't matter who plays today against me.
I lose the match today.
I gave it away.
Li said she had more than a bad day.
I didn't even follow the game plan.
I didn't really know what would happen。
They are mostly from Russia and other Eastern European countries.
At least 40 of them won medals.
Disciplinary proceedings are continuing against other athletes.
The numbers are expected to climb.
Medals are being stripped from dozens of athletes.
The numbers are just impossible, incredible.
We lose credibility.
Credibility is a major concern.
This completely rewrote my Olympics story.
She moved up to third place.
In 2008, her husband was laid off.
The couple’s house in Georgia was foreclosed on that year.
I was really young and promising at that point.
Sponsors were interested in me.
Lowe is now 32.
A lot of interest goes away.
You don’t get on that podium.
The Sochi Winter Olympics crowd goes mild.
Just not too fired up.
Yevgeny Tkachev is spokesman for the fan house.
We're not trying to turn people into sports fanatics.
Tkachev wants fans warmed up but not noisy.
Horns? That would be a nyet.
We don't give out anything that makes noise.
Russians tend to be more restrained.
That's the way people have always been brought up.
In Russian culture, open displays of emotion are strictly regulated.
Emotions definitely run high.
And sober is the word at the Sochi Olympics.
Most beer is nonalcoholic.
Hometown fans are expected to be on their best behavior.
Vladimir Pozner is a popular TV journalist.
Not everyone leaves.
But the stadium empties out noticeably.
That's disrespectful to the others.
One should behave in a dignified way.
Larisa Merkulova is a Sochi resident.
We've been waiting so long for this.
We want to show ourselves in the right light.
She carried a flag.
She wore a colorful antennae on her head.
We're feeling good.
We promised nonetheless to maintain our composure.
The Russian crowd has had its moments.
At Monday's short-track speedskating competition, fans greeted Viktor Ahn.
Crowds waved flags and shouted 'Russia! Russia!'
Cars sounded horns through the night.
South Korea player Victor An won a bronze for Russia.
Only three years ago he was skating for South Korea.
South Korea had little room for injured athletes.
Mr. Ahn chose Russia as his new homeland.
Russia welcomed him.
He changed his name to Victor An.
He announced his decision to become Russian in 2011.
Victor An, 28-year-old, won a bronze medal on Monday.
His former teammates left empty-handed.
He collided with his compatriot Sin Da-woon.
Sin Da-woon had lost his balance.
Sin finished in tenth place.
Park Se-yeong was 13th.
Victor An wins bronze, Koreans falter.
South Korea has won 19 gold medals in short-track skating.
I'm glad for him to win the medal.
South Korean may have abandoned Ahn Hyun-soo.
But the people have not abandoned him.
How Russia's plot for mercenary curlers failed?
A Russian state-run news agency published a report.
The women's national curling team is beautiful and famous.
The men's curling team is a completely different thing.
The Russian men have little history with curling.
The first pancake is always lumpy.
The experiment of hiring Canadians subsequently fell apart.
Victor An is a short-track speedskater.
He became a Russian citizen in 2011.
He is now a gold-medal favorite.
But the strategy was more problematic for Russian curling officials.
Why can't we do this with Russians?
I don't think this team will be an embarrassment.
But they're going to be in for a tough go.
That view was echoed in interviews with several curling insiders.
The imported Canadians were hardly as formidable as Team Canada.
Current Russia coach Roger Schmidt is a Canadian.
Realistically, we're the 10th-best team here.
Dimitry Svischev is head of the Russian Curling Federation.
They wanted to have podium finishes.
Svischev had only three criteria.
A few others turned down the offer.
Wuthrich recruited Richter, Jason Gunnlaugson and Tyler Forrest
The three of them signed contracts.
It was a weird sort of dream job.
They were met with hostility.
They weren't talking to us anymore.
You could tell there was animosity.
They received full Team Russia uniforms and clothing.
The experiment, it seemed, was a success.
Russia doesn't officially recognize dual citizenship.
Now, she was being told they wouldn't receive citizenship.
The experiment was over.
That was the reason they told us.
On Monday, Russia opened with 7-4 loss.
The three Canadians were back at their day jobs.
Gunnlaugson works for a graphics company in Vernon, British Columbia.
He turns on the television to watch the Games.
I won't be pulling out much of that.
Sochi Olympic officials say tickets selling well.
Olympic organizers said ticket sales were robust on Sunday.
59,395 tickets were sold for Sunday's events.
It represented about 90% of those available.
But not all who purchased them attended the games.
Russia earned its first gold medal of figure skating.
The ticket was almost a complete sellout.
Early results from Monday events were mixed.
Attendance at speed skating was robust.
Questions regarding attendance at the Sochi Games have been persistent.
The organizers haven't been consistent in preparation for the games.
But she said off-shift workers are allowed to take seats.
My parents will bring out the positives, such as maybe I lost to a belt higher than me.
In his first year in Taekwondo, Cameron earned a spot in a national tournament this summer in Florida.
The way we see it, just getting to the nationals is a win.
In Dr. Dorsch's study, there are 163 sports parents which include 85 women.
They answered an online questionnaire about their income and the cost of their children's athletic endeavors.
A majority parents spent less than 1% of gross income on their kids' sports.
Researchers concluded that youth enjoyment and motivation declined as parental spending rose.
The more parents spent, the more the kids seemed to feel the pressure of doing well for Mom and Dad.
Courtney Pollins is president of Big Apple Youth Football in New York.
They are yelling at the coaches and yelling at their own kids.
I tell them to go home and not come back to practice.
Dr. Gould, of Michigan State, recently completed a review of the academic literature on parental involvement in youth sports.
The review cites evidence that coaches may avoid young athletes whose parents take too active a role.
One study mentioned by Dr. Gould suggests parents may want to invest in their own athletic pursuit.
It showed that adolescents are twice as likely to play organized sports if their parents are physically active.
A study of 10 U.S. Olympic champions found their parents exerted little external pressure to succeed.
They express faith in the child's ability and emphasizing if 'you are going to do it, do it right'.
It is according to Dr. Gould's paper, which hasn't been published.
Dara Torres, a 12-time Olympic swimming medalist, figured her career might intimidate her daughter's swim coaches.
Ms. Torres vowed to keep quiet during the 8-year-old's practice sessions.
Ms. Torres recently saw several swimmers on her daughter's team struggling to perform a drill without fins.
She told the coaches that even elite swimmers don fins for that drill.
It is a new study in the July issue of Applied Ergonomics.
Using a cycling workstation for 10 minutes every hour throughout a day could help desk workers lose weight.
Subjects, men ages 24 to 40, spent two 10-minute sessions transcribing the Gettysburg Address.
Participants were instructed to select a resistance level they could comfortably maintain for prolonged periods without interfering with typing.
Subjects burned 255 calories per hour pedaling and typing and 100 calories per hour sitting and typing.
Transcription time averaged 7.7 minutes while pedaling and 7.6 minutes while sitting.
Subjects made an average of 3.3 and 3.8 errors in the pedaling and non-pedaling experiments, respectively.
Heart rate and oxygen consumption were substantially higher while pedaling and typing.
After bowling Bangladesh out for 108 in 16.3, Hong Kong dragged itself to victory in Hong Kong's history.
Before Thursday's match, Hong Kong had never beaten any of the 16 teams taking part in the World T20, ever.
In the first two matches in Chittagong, Hong Kong couldn't beat Nepal and Afghanistan.
Only a wild optimist would give the team any hope against Bangladesh.
Bangladesh is the host of the tournament and one of the test-cricket playing nations.
Thursday's result is the equivalent of a goldfish beating up a deep-sea tuna.
The victory, however, wasn't enough for Hong Kong to qualify for the next stage of the tournament, the Super 10s.
It features the really big teams -- sharks of the cricket world, such as India and Australia.
The host narrowly avoided the embarrassment of being kicked out of its tournament before the tournament really began.
Similarly, Nepal was part of an upset too and it beat Afghanistan in the first match of the day.
Afghanistan has been on an upward trajectory in world cricket recently.
Among the ranking in the opening week, Afghanistan was third in group A.
Afghanistan was behind Bangladesh and Nepal but ahead of Hong Kong thanks to its higher score.
The final standings in group B will be decided on Friday.
Ireland is in pole position to follow Bangladesh into the next stage of the tournament.
The Irish are unbeaten in a group that also includes Zimbabwe, the Netherlands and the United Arab Emirates.
The second round of the 10-strong team will also kick off in dhaka, Bangladesh, on Friday evening.
At that time India will play against Pakistan in the first genuinely big match of the tournament.
Bangladesh is in their group, along with Australia and the West Indies, who won the 2012 tournament.
Worsely still, in Bankok, Lebanon had scored five goals against Thailand.
But the passage to Australia wasn't certain until Thai substitute Adisak Kraisorn scored on the 76th minute against Lebanon.
That was enough to give China a better goal difference than Lebanon and qualify by the skin of its teeth.
Ahead of Wednesday's matches, China had a goal difference of -1 and Lebanon was -5.
With the goals against Thailand, Lebanon pushed China all the way.
Alain Perrin, the Frenchman was appointed as China's coach last month.
Still, China has now qualified for 11 consecutive finals tournaments since joining the AFC in 1974.
Michael Brown was the chief executive of the AFC Asian Cup Local Organising Committee.
Wednesday's loss ended an unbeaten run for China since June last year.
It suffered a humiliating 1-5 loss to Thailand in Hefei, to the west of Shanghai.
The Sochi Winter Olympics, with its often balmy weather and strange 'Hot. Cool. Yours' motto, has drawn to a close.
It sounds like what a selfish person shouts when using up all the hot water in the shower.
But we can know the medal table, and China's position on it.
It depends on whether you count the overall medals won or give greater weight to the golds.
Russia won on both counts, with 33 medals in total and 13 golds.
China's haul is one more than The Wall Street Journal's pre-Games forecast.
It may come as a shock to some of our esteemed readers.
It seems that WSJ's prediction on China winning 6 medals overall is once again way off the mark.
The Wall Street Journal had forecast China would win eight medals.
China's best day in Sochi was the day before Valentine's Day.
Li Jianrou won the 500-meter short-track skating event and Zhang Hong won in the 1,000 meters speed-skating.
China's other gold,was again won by one of its female skaters.
On Feb. 15, Zhou Yang retained her 2010 Olympic title in the 1,500 meters short-track race.
China had another good day at the Iceberg Skating Palace toward the end of the Games on Friday。
China got six short-track skating medals in total, more than any other nation.
Russia, inspired by Victor An, finished the Olympics with one more short-track gold than China.
Han Tianyu followed his silver in the men's 1,500 meters with a bronze in the 5,000 meters last Friday.
He amost got a third medal, as he came fifth in the men's 500 meters.
Wu Dajing got silver in the race, which was won by Russia's An.
China won medals in both the men's and women's finals, but it didn't top the podium.
In the women's aerials, world champion Xu Mengtao had to settle for silver after missing her landing in the final.
I do still feel a little regret for not getting the gold.
This is the fourth silver medal China has won at the Winter Olympics in aerials.
We have always wanted to get a gold medal, but sadly I didn't get the chance.
In both the men's and women's final, China had the agonizing misfortune of a fourth-place finisher.
Li Nina was in the women's and Qi Guangpu was in the men's.
The men's curling team was a surprise, making it all the way to the bronze medal match.
But it didn't beat Sweden and was left without a medal.
The Chinese team, led by Liu Rui, was shunted into the bronze medal showdown after losing to a Canadian team.
Canada won the gold metal and beat Great Britain in the final.
Beijing is hosting the World Curling Championship from March 29 to April 6.
The women's curling team includes three former speed-skaters and a former figure skater.
They were tipped for a medal in Sochi, but missed out the metal after finishing seventh in the round robin.
China's overall performance is short of that four years ago in Vancouver, at least in terms of medals won.
China finished the 2010 Games with 11 medals, including five golds.
It did well in Turin in 2006 too, with 11 medals, including two golds.
At the Olympic Games, the important thing is not winning but taking part.
What life counts on is not the victory but the struggle.
The essential thing is not to conquer but to fight well.
Russia, which topped both in terms of overall medals and golds won, probably won't be quoting Coubertin for a while.
But she did make it further than the 2006 giant slalom gold medalist.
Vanessa Mae, the Singaporean-born British classical-crossover violinist turned Thai skier named Vanessa Vanakorn.
She fulfilled her dream of competing in the Winter Olympics on Tuesday.
Vanakorn's nearest competitor was Xia Lina in China, in 73rd place and 7.3 seconds ahead.
But at least Vanakorn, ranking 2,313 in the Fédération International de Ski world rankings, made it over the finishing line.
That more than can be said for 16 other racers, including 2006 gold medal winner Julia Mancuso of the U.S.
Vanakorn raised her ski poles and grinned widely as she entered the finishing area.
It is not bad result for a 35-year-old Vanakorn who made her fortune in her teens as a classical-crossover violinist.
She even performed at the opening ceremony of the 2002 Paralympic Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.
Typically, skiers have to be in the world's top 500 to qualify for the Games.
Vanakorn got allowances in giant slalom races last month in Slovenia.
There was heavy cloud and snow at the starting place and driving rain at the finish line.
This wasn't the blue-skied alpine bliss that Vanakorn must have dreamed of.
Again she made it down the course, though without the aplomb and grace of most other racers.
She finished the second run in two seconds faster than her first run, in one minute 42.11 seconds.
In total, she was 50.1 seconds behind the gold medal winner Tina Maze.
But she completed the run, where seven others failed to do.
South Korea took the gold medal in the women's 3000-meter short-track relay on Tuesday afternoon.
It allowed Canada to win silver and Italy to win the bronze.
Shortly after the match began, Italy had no hope of gold, making it a three-team race.
And by the closing stages, it had turned into a race between China and South Korea.
The eight skaters representing the two teams already had four medals between them at these Games.
On Tuesday afternoon, the biggest surprise came in the men's 500-meter heats.
Defending Olympic champion Charles Hamelin of Canada crashed out on the final lap.
He had been comfortably in charge of the heat when he slid into the padding.
It means that the event will miss out on another highly-anticipated race between Hamelin and Russia's Victor An.
Everyone sick of watching the Dutch win speedskating medals, please raise your hand.
It seemed that everyone who isn't wearing orange underwear has a hand in the air.
Snow was as wet and heavy as a soaking wash cloth.
On Sunday the Dutch brought more domination and swept the podium in speedskating's women's 1,500 meters.
The Netherlands had 17 medals at day's end on Sunday, one more than the U.S. and Russia.
But the Dutch are making the usual Winter Games powerhouses green with envy with seven days to go.
But America only has a couple thousand competitive skaters of any age this year.
If the Winter Games are about being opportunistic, then the Dutch deserve the gold medal for opportunism.
The Netherlands should enjoy this moment of Olympic supremacy, even if it doesn't last another 24 hours.
What has allowed the Dutch to reign supreme, at least temporarily, has been a full-on cratering by Norway.
For a second consecutive day, the Norwegians finished out of the medals in a cross-country relay.
There is no baton in cross-county skiing, and there is no such misfortune.
Norway has just been awful on Sunday at the Nordic center.
Norwegian Martin Sundby seemed to win just about every race he entered before the Olympics.
The poor performance is cause for a national crisis in Norway.
The U.S. took silver and bronze, which vaulted the team into its second-place overall tied with Russia.
Russia is doing what the home team is supposed to do.
Look for the U.S. and Russia to end up in a dogfight for the overall medal title.
Sochi's slopes crashed China's dreams for a gold medal in freestyle skiing women's aerials at the Winter Olympics.
Xu Mengtao missed her landing on Friday after leading the second final with a high score of 101.08.
The 23 year-old Chinese freestyle skiing air skills women's main force from liaoning earned silver with 83.50 points.
Belarus skier Alla Tsuper got the golden medal with 98.01 points.
Xu was satisfied with her performance given that her recent training has been below the bar.
This is the fourth silver medal China has won at the Winter Olympics in aerials.
We have always wanted to get a gold medal, but sadly I didn't get the chance.
The 31 year-old aerialist, who is also from Liaoning, whipped two full rotations around her first flip.
Because her left ski hit the slope, propelling her body into the ground.
Li claimed a silver medal at the 2010 Vancouver Games and in Turin in 2006.
Xu was crowned world champion in 2013 and won test events at the Sochi Games.
Li finished these Olympics in Sochi just outside the medals in fourth position.
The country has pulled in two silver medals and three golden metals.
All Li Jianrou of China was bound to win the women's 500-meter skating short-track final after the first lap.
Going into the second lap of the race, Britain's Elise Christie initiated a crash that three skaters cleaned out.
And in under 10 seconds, Li was on her way to get China's first gold medal of these Winter Games.
China has now won this event four times in a row.
Christie crossed the line second, but was later disqualified for impeding.
That meant that Arianna Fontana of Italy took the silver and Park Seung-Hi of South Korea won the bronze.
Fontana had seen Christie try to pass her on the inside, but thought she had successfully blocked her.
Once Christie kept attacking, however, it was obvious that we were going to fall.
The gap to second turned out to be nearly six seconds.
The gap is colossal in an event often decided by thousandths.
But there are frequent crashes at speeds faster than 35 miles in short-track skating.
On Thursday afternoon, U.S. medal hopes in short-track speedskating seemed to be dashed.
A crash took the team out of the men's 5,000-meter semifinal.
Late in the 45-lap race, Eddy Alvarez  was tripped over a Korean skater's outstretched arm.
But after the race, officials deemed that Alvarez was illegally impeded and the U.S.could get into the Feb. 21 final.
They will join the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, Russia and China in the final.
Canada surprisingly missed out on the final due to momentary calamity in the second semifinal.
Guangzhou Evergrande's defense of its Asian Champions League title crashed to a halt on Wednesday night.
This was the biggest blow to the club since Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. bought a 50% stake in June.
The fate of the team have taken a turn for the worse since the purchase.
Guangzhou Evergrande's coach was Marcello Lippi when the national team won the 2006 World Cup.
The club's new signing, Alberto Gilardino, was in that World Cup-winning squad.
He scored Guangzhou Evergrande's first goal of the night to come back and equalise.
Tomi Juric put the visitor's 1-0 ahead with a 58th minute penalty.
The Australian team will play FC Seoul in the next round.
Guangzhou Evergrande became the first Chinese team in more than two decades to win the Asian Champions League.
This year, it lost four matches and missed out on the semifinal.
Jack Ma, China's richest man, said on June 5 his company would buy a 50% stake in Guangzhou Evergrande.
The club was also knocked out of the Chinese FA Cup.
But there is no chance that it can match last year's achievements of winning the treble.
Henan Jianye is in 14th place in the Super League and is faced with a relegation battle.
The club is, at least, in line to retain its Super League title -- with 51 points from 22 games.
Last year, it finished the season with 77 points from 30 games and only one defeat.
The matche includes a shock 2-1 defeat to 11th placed Changchun Yatai in early August.
The Asian Champions League is the most prestigious club competition in a region spanning from Australia to the Middle East.
After winning it last year, Guangzhou Evergrande qualified for the Club World Cup in Morocco.
There'll be no such illustrious competition for Lippi and his footballers this year.
Millions of Chinese love soccer are fond of European teams, .
Guangzhou Evergrande allows the fans to enjoy the game at home.
Around 40,000 spectators turned out for Wednesday night's game in Guangzhou.
There is clearly a desire to see a homegrown team succeed.
In October, Brazil will play Argentina at the Bird's Nest Stadium in Beijing.
Mr. Ma didn't expose many details when he made his announcement to invest in Guangzhou Evergrande in June.
The 1.2 billion yuan ($195 million) deal was ironed out in just 15 minutes.
The funs watching the match at Guangzhou's Tianhe Stadium didn't feel happy on Wednesday.
The club of Chinese soccer has attracted another big Italian football star.
Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao FC said on Friday it signed Alberto Gilardino for EUR5 million ($6.8 million).
The club, which is champion of China and Asia, said Gilardino has signed a two-and-a-half year contract.
He will join the team in Guangzhou after doing a physical exam on Saturday.
The photo shows the sign of "welcome gilardino" and he will wear the No. 38 robe.
He was a member of the Italian squad that won the 2006 World Cup.
He appears as a substitute in the semifinal against Germany and in the starting matches earlier.
Italy crashed out in the opening round in World Cup in Brazil this year.
Lippi is the coach leading Italy in 2006 World Cup and now he is the head of Guangzhou Evergrande.
He will also fight with Alessandro Diamanti, who signed for the Chinese club earlier this year.
He scored the decisive goal to knock England out of Euro 2012 in a penalty shootout.
Gilardino moves to China after spending his entire club career in Italy, and most recently fights with Genoa.
He joins a team that is leading the charge in revolutionizing soccer in China and Asia.
In June, Chinese company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. bought a 50% stake Guangzhou Evergrande for 1.2 billion yuan.
Alibaba owns online shopping site Taobao, so it was renamed the Guangzhou Evergrande.
The club said it expects Gilardino to enhance its attack and bring technical and tactical expertise to the team.
Guangzhou Evergrande's next match is on Tuesday against Guangdong Rizhiquan in the Chinese FA Cup.
In the Chinese Super League, Guangzhou Evergrande is top of the table with 35 points in 15 matches.
Beijing Guoan is in second place with 31 points and 14 games.
Is there a moment--perhaps when he makes a boldly brilliant action.
Or he plasters his bedroom with pinups of Bobby Fischer and Garry Kasparov--does it all become clear?
Their 23-year-old son,Magnus Carlsen, the Norwegian became a grandmaster at 13.
And he became the youngest-ever world No. 1 grandmaster at 19.
Magnus Carlsen peak World Chess Federation rating (2,882) is the highest in history.
Last November, Carlsen defeated Viswanathan Anand to become the World Chess Champion.
A title he will defend against Anand later this year in a yet-to-be-decided location--possibly Norway.
Unlike his subsequent dazzling advances, Carlsen's initial learning of chess was not rapid.
He remembered introducing the game to Magnus and his older sister, Ellen, now 25, when his son was turning 5.
He felt that we continued to play chess occasionally, but he didn't have any expectations.
The legendary players such as Capablanca and Kasparov had understood the game'just like that.'
They could capture a piece, but to get two or more pieces work together.
This is what chess is about, and it took a long time to learn.
At the time, Henrik reconciled himself to the fact that chess would simply be an enjoyable way for family.
I felt ok that they're definitely not geniuses, but it doesn't matter.
In the meantime, there were signs that Magnus had the ability and the determination to perform impressive mental feats.
His son could sit for hours with puzzles or making advanced Lego models.
His son could patiently look through pages and pages of instructions meant for children older than him.
Chess commentators draw attention to his ability to bring down opponents.
He could wait patiently for his opponents to make the tiniest mistake.
Magnus himself thinks that he is an aggressive player but that audacity isn't always needed.
When you play against the best chess player in the world, they see through your plans.
You cannot win the match with a swashbuckling attack all the time, and you just need reactive responds.
His parents are eager to point out that he wasn't an obviously faster learner than his sisters.
He also has two younger siblings, Ingrid, 20, and Signe, 17.
But he kept on studying, focusing on a specific subject, such as car brands, until he knew it inside out.
When I ask Magnus about proficiency in his childhood, he replies simply.
I didn't particularly know if I was good at it or not; I just tried to do it.
Ellen suddenly understood enough to make it interesting for me to play with her.
Magnus would sit to watch them and, a little later, join in it.
Henrik's dilemma was that if he adopted poor strategy, his children wouldn't learn anything.
So he began to play with limited resources--just his king and a pawn--slowly adding pieces as they learned the game.
But Henrik maintains that 'he just wanted to beat his sister.'
At home, during dinner, he began sitting apart from the family so he could study his chessboard while eating.
Despite their unorthodox meals, they were, and remain, a close family.
There's a particular bond between father and son  through a mutual love of chess.
When Magnus was 12, Henrik took a year's leave from his job.
He took the children out of school to travel together throughout Europe.
He has spent recent years balancing his consultancy work in the oil industry with managing Magnus's affairs.
It was an experience that was more useful than staying in school that year.
Now, he says, he realizes that a certain family resemblance is developing.
I think I'm more like my father in a way, I'm cracking the same lame jokes!
Many sons probably find themselves saying the same words, but in the Carlsens' case, there's another dimension.
Whenever I lose, I usually want to be alone, and figure it out.
Sigrun, an engineer like her husband, is not a chess player.
This is an app that allows you to test your skills against the champion at various stages in his career.
She dislikes the attention Magnus's celebrity has brought, particularly when people approach him in the street.
This happens even more in that he is modeling for clothing company G-Star Raw.
Magnus's recent ad campaign features him playing chess with the British model-actress Lily Cole.
Henrik remembers the reaction of Magnus's sisters when his career took a turn toward fashion modeling.
Although Sigrun insists that she's not starstruck by all the attention heaped on Magnus.
I really don't think so much about him as a world champion in chess, because he's my son.
She did have to work through an emotional barrier when he was 9 years old and started to compete regularly.
Naturally, all she wanted to do was to take his son home.
Afterward, she asked him if the contest had been painful for him.
He looked at her with a blank, uncomprehending stare. No, he replied.
And as long as he's happy, he can do whatever he wants.
The punishment was for the behaviour of biting an opponent in Uruguay's 1-0 victory over Italy earlier this week.
Suárez, one of the world's most talented, but controversial strikers, will miss the rest of his country's World Cup campaign.
He will also miss the early part of the English Premier League season with his club Liverpool.
He was also fined 100,000 Swiss Francs and will be barred from entering any stadium.
The incident came with about 10 minutes remaining in Tuesday's group-stage finale between Uruguay and Italy.
Suárez came together with Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini and appeared to bite him on the left shoulder.
After the clash, Suárez sat on the ground grabbing his front teeth.
Uruguay is to play in the round of 16 against Colombia in Rio de Janeiro on Saturday.
During matches, it is common that fit men fall to the ground in agony.
They scream, wince, pound the grass with their fists and gesture to the sidelines for a stretcher.
Some of them clutch a limb as if it was just freed from the jaws of a wood chipper.
But after a few moments, just as the priests arrive to conduct last rites, they sit up on the gurney.
They shook it off, rose to their feet and run back on the field to play again.
It can kill time or just give one's winded teammates a breath.
What's interesting about the World Cup is that not all national teams are the same.
Considering this in mind, the Count loaded 32 World Cup matches on the DVR.
The study aimed at determining one thing: which World Cup participant nation is the world's floppiest nation?
During the first 32 games, there were 302 players who could be seen at some point rolling around in pain.
They crumpled into a fetal position or lying lifeless on the pitch so the referee had to stop the match.
These theatrical episodes ate up a total of 132 minutes, and we have decided to call 'writhing time.'
To be fair, it is actually possible to get hurt during playing soccer.
These were discarded. That left 293 cases of potential embellishment that collectively took up 118 minutes, 21 seconds.
The criteria used here is to calculate the time when the referee blows his whistle until the player gets up.
If the TV camera cut to a replay, the stand-up moment was estimated.
If he was helped off the field, the 'writhing' clock stopped when he crossed the sidelines.
The break time of the players have direct contact with what the scoreboard says.
Players on teams that were losing their games accounted for 40 'injuries' and spent nearly 12.5 minutes of writhing time.
So after being clear about it, here are the 'winners' of our first-ever international soccer injury-embellishment awards.
World Cup poster boy Neymar had five such 'injuries,' the most on his team.
In every case he was back on his feet within 15 seconds.
Naturally, five minutes and 10 seconds of that came in the first half against France when the match was tied.
The team most likely to grin and bear it: Bosnia and Herzegovina.
They only had two 'injuries' in two games for a total of 24 seconds of writhing time.
While they protected an early leading against Spain, the Chileans tallied 11 injuries.
The times of injuries of Chileans was more than 24 other teams had in two games.
Against Honduras, Valencia was on the ground, clutching his leg after four seconds.
Many European teams have already seen their World Cup hopes flushed down the drain.
Last week, the commission unveiled the 'EU Dream Team' on its Facebook page.
Last week, users were able to vote on a number of candidates by 'liking' pictures of them.
The Commission's Facebook page has over 300,000 likes, but as in European elections turnout was quite low.
None of the players gained more than a couple of hundred votes.
The end result was an unorthodox 3-1-3-1-2 formation made up of players from seven different countries.
Spain, Portugal and Italy have not left a deep impression in the tournament.
Voters are counting on players from those three to carry the new 'EU Dream Team.'
Despite losing their first two games in stunning fashion, Sergio Ramos and Andrea Iniesta from Spain were picked.
Italy, who needs a tie or a win against Uruguay to advance, has the most players with three.
Neither Thomas Mueller, Karim Benzema nor Robin van Persie were selected.
Only players from the 10 EU member states in the World Cup were eligible for selection.
It means that the three remaining UEFA members, Bosnia-Hercegovina, Switzerland and Russia were excluded.
However, the Swiss can boast that they are the 'EFTA Dream Team'.
Because Norway, Lichtenstein and Iceland failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Because Croatian coach Niko Kovac said that the 42-year-old wasn't completely understood in Thursday's match.
The first penalty came when the score was 1-1 and he awarded Brazil a penalty.
He thought that Fred was fouled by Croatian defender Dejan Lovren.
The Croatian players surrounded the referee after he pointed to the spot, remonstrating with him about the decision.
Neymar struck the penalty through the hands of Croatian goalkeeper Stipe Pletikosa for his second goal of the night.
But the world's 18th ranked team continued to fight and scored a second goal.
'Everybody saw this was not a penalty,' Kovac spoke of the incident that resulted in Neymar's second goal.
BBC pundit and former England player Gary Lineker shared his thoughts on Twitter.
The host nation are allowed one shocking decision. Brazil have used it too early.
It's a tight call for Brazil's best player of the match between Neymar and the referee.
Brazil's coach Luiz Felipe Scolari was seen berating the referee at stages during the match.
But the subject is likely to be discussed at a media briefing on Friday.
Imagine the U.S. playing for World Cup survival on June 26 against powerhouse Germany.
Clint Dempsey and Michael Bradley line up on one side, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Mesut Ozil on the other.
Hauata is an alternate in the pool of 33 World Cup referees in Brazil this month.
Hauata has the opportunity to call the games only if the official referee has a hamstring strain injury.
Among the 24 official referees, there are several who have never called games involving big-name teams and players.
The world's most popular sporting event uses a more democratic than meritocratic process for choosing referees.
The World Cup's 32 teams must play their way into the tournament through a grueling two-year qualifying process.
It is similar how basketball's world governing body plucks officials from around the world to work the Olympic tournament.
It's a contrast from the meritocracy that determines who officiates the postseason for major U.S. sports.
Some critics believe that World Cup games ought to use referees with experience ejecting superstars like Cristiano Ronaldo.
A referee from Brazil, Argentina, Italy, England are enforcing high-profile matches day by day.
I find it hard to believe that they wouldn't have the best soccer officials there.
I can understand people made that criticism,' said Jim Boyce, the chairman of FIFA's referees committee.
I think there'd be bigger criticism if referees around the world who received top marks weren't given the same opportunity.
Or if, as in U.S. professional sports, each game featured several referees capable of overruling each other.
Perhaps as a sport founded in England, soccer is an officiating monarchy.
Each game features a single referee whose calls can't be challenged on the field.
Until this World Cup, it can't be assisted by goal-line technology.
Little data show whether referees from nonelite soccer countries are more easy to error or not.
In a match against Slovenia four years ago, the television showed that a goal from the United States was unfouled.
But referee Koman Coulibaly of Mali disallowed it, forcing the U.S. to settle for a draw.
The victory of America would have nearly guaranteed it a spot in the knockout rounds.
He didn't count it as the goal, which would have tied the game 2-2.
The English Premier League's Howard Webb is widely regarded as one of the most experienced reference in the world.
Because he failed to eject the Netherlands' Nigel de Jong for putting his boot squarely into Xabi Alonso's chest.
Coaches and players are reluctant to complain openly soccer referees because doing so can cause penalty.
Pellegrini later apologized for his comments and was slapped with a two-game sideline ban.
What bothered Pellegrini is that the Champions League -- Europe's most elite tournament -- draws referees from all over Europe.
It rather than based strictly on performance or on experience calling big games between Barcelona and Bayern Munich.
Of course, there's an element of snobbery in the argument only if it involves games between the world's best clubs.
But generally speaking, the distinction between amateurs and professionals is money.
The English Premier League is nearly the only association that pays a full-time wage to referees.
The English Premier League requests them to do near-full-time training under coaches and sports scientists.
Elsewhere, soccer referees have the hobby of men who tend to hold down day jobs.
Italian referee Nicola Rizzoli is a science teacher in high school.
Most referees at this summer's World Cup had to make special arrangements.
FIFA doesn't discuss how much it will pay for referees at this World Cup.
FIFA's 2010 World Cup financial report shows that it spends a total of $14 million on refereeing matters.
This amount is comparable to FIFA's bonus of the fifth and eighth teams.
For this year's World Cup, FIFA started putting forward to set 52 referees.
Over the next two years, FIFA has reduced the number of referees to 25, and set eight alternate referees again.
The original referees had different views about many problems -- about positioning and interpretation.
Enrique Osses was a Chilean referee preparing for his first World Cup.
They observe you closely during games, and test your English language skills.
Between January and the beginning of tournament, World Cup referees were required to attend three intensive seminars in Zurich.
At that time they sat in classroom sessions for half the day and did training for the other half.
But there's nothing better than being on a training field and actually replicating what we do on match days.
On one day in March, the referees were practicing with a youth team from FC Zurich.
The referees ran from one end of the field to the other, awarding penalty kicks of two teams.
FIFA's Busacca watched closely, looking for physical performance, judgment, and positioning.
He yelled at the referees when they got it wrong -- and when they got it right.
'Very good,' Busacca shouted at Webb in full sprint, 'You are faster than the players!'
In 2010, only nine of 24 referees in the group stage were European.
But seven of those nine made the cut to 16 referees for the next stage.
It possibly shielded referees from controversies that can rage for decades.
England won goal in the 1966 World Cup finally at Wembley Stadium.
But they appear to show the ball bounces off the crossbar and hits the line rather than crossing it.
Until now, Germans still refer to a phantom goal as 'ein Wembley Tor.'
31 teams arrived in Brazil were terrified of the home team.
Brazilians assuaged their fears in the opening match of the 2014 World Cup.
Lovgren had two hands on him, but Fred appeared to exaggerate the contact.
Yuichi Nishimura didn't waver even after a half dozen Croatians swarmed him.
A minute later, Neymar's kick skittered through the hands of Croatia's Stipe Pletikosa, and Brazil had the lead.
Fred weighs nearly 200 pounds and can't be pulled down easily.
The goal seemed to liberate a Brazilian side and the crowd of some 60,000 at Arena Corinthians.
The audience include President Dilma Rousseff, who leapt from her seat when the ball hit the back of the net.
The third goal from Oscar in stoppage time sealed the win.
Still, the Brazilians rarely found the rhythm or cohesion that has always marked its samba-style soccer.
The team joined the raucous crowd in a thrilling a cappella rendition of the national anthem.
But after that, things quickly deteriorated for the five-time world champions.
Brazilians were suddenly facing a deficit in a game that was supposed to be a celebration.
Instead of dazzling the crowd, they turned physical, throwing elbows at Croatia.
Seconds later it was somehow on Neymar's feet 20 yards from the goal.
Scolari said he was proud of a very young team for turning the score around.
We needed to tie the game in order to play easily in the second half.
I believe individually we have a very strong squad and when we play collectively, we are very difficult to beat.
If our whole team doesn't unite, we will be difficult to win.
But research has started examining what happens in the bodies of fans taking in high-stakes contests.
Among the oddest findings: Fans tend to derive more pleasure from a close loss than a blowout win.
Silvia Knobloch-Westerwick is a professor of communication at Ohio State University.
She tracked how 40 OSU students watched their beloved Buckeyes against their perennial rival, the University of Michigan.
The results showed that even if fans are disappointed by the outcome, edge-of-the-seat endings make games worth watching.
Another study published in the Journal of Media Psychology in 2012.
Colleen Bee is an assistant professor of marketing at Oregon State University.
The competitions were presented to the audience as cases of heroes vs. villains .
But there was no statistical difference in enjoyment regardless of who won.
The enjoyment came from the close nature of the event itself, Dr. Bee says.
Some of the most invested fans may literally live and die by how their team fares.
Pittsburgh Steelers won a classic Super Bowl over Arizona in 2009.
Robert Kloner is a cardiology professor at the University of Southern California.
New York Giants stopped the previously undefeated Patriots in the Super Bowl in 2008.
Dr. Kloner's research was published in 2013 in Clinical Research in Cardiology.
Stacy Wood is a professor of marketing at North Carolina State University.
One is being a complete blowout and five a game where the teams were neck-and-neck to the last second.
The closer the game, the more auto deaths there were, Dr. Wood says.
Dr. Wood speculates that fans release more testosterone, a hormone responsible for aggression, during nail-biters.
You think about animals who are engaged in combat, having just won.
When watching a match, your social self-esteem is at stake and is threatened if you lose, so you get stressed.
He measured hormone levels in saliva samples taken from 58 soccer fans in Spain viewing the 2010 World Cup.
Saturated-fat consumption spikes by 16% for fans after the loss of a beloved NFL team.
After a victory, fat consumption goes down by 9%, and overall calorie consumption by 5%.
There's research showing that when something good happens to your life, you're more future-oriented.
Russia is for the first time conceding that its officials carried out one of the biggest conspiracies in sports history.
It tainted not just the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi but also the entire Olympic movement.
The Russian officials received over several days of interviews here with The New York Times.
It detailed a doping program with few, if any, historical precedents.
Anna Antseliovich is the acting director general of Russia’s national antidoping agency.
A deputy sports minister for years ordered cover-ups of top athletes’ use of banned substances.
There was a detailed confession by the nation’s former antidoping lab chief, Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov.
Richard McLaren is an investigator appointed by the World Anti-Doping Agency.
It prompted the International Olympic Committee to open disciplinary proceedings against dozens of additional Russian athletes.
The drastic shift in tone may be motivated by Russia’s desire to reconcile with the regulators.
They have stipulated that the nation accept the findings of the recent investigation.
The country is recertified to conduct drug testing and be a host again of Olympic competitions.
They define the Russian state as President Vladimir V. Putin and his closest associates.
She and others emphasized that the government’s top officials were not involved.
He was appointed this year by Mr. Putin to reform the nation’s antidoping system.
He had not met most of the individuals implicated in a report by Mr. McLaren.
From my point of view, we made a lot of mistakes.
He is a former minister of sport, president of Olympic committee.
He would defer to the global governing bodies of each sport to rule on the evidence.
The 2014 Olympics in Sochi were a pet project for Mr. Putin.
Proud references to the Sochi Games overwhelm the Russian Olympic Committee’s offices along the Moscow River.
It includes a nesting doll standing roughly six feet tall in the building’s lobby signed by Russian Olympians.
Many of the athletes have been implicated in this year’s doping scandal.
We have to find those reasons why young sportsmen are taking doping.
He expressed eagerness to move forward rather than assign responsibility for previous violations.
He and other officials signaled their acceptance of the fundamental findings of Mr. McLaren’s investigation.
Cheating to benefit Russia had served to offset what they perceived as preferential treatment.
It is suspected of hacking computers at the Democratic National Committee.
The medical records revealed that hundreds of Western athletes had been given special medical permission.
Russia never had the opportunities that were given to other countries.
The general feeling in Russia is that we didn’t have a chance.
Anabolic steroids like those taken by Russian athletes have never been deemed medically excusable by regulators.
Mr. Smirnov and his advisers suggested that the same thing had happened at other Olympics.
Maybe in London and everywhere, maybe the same things could happen.
Mr. Smirnov and a team of about two dozen people are focused on overhauling Russia’s antidoping system.
The group includes Russian politicians, Olympians, business people and even a celebrated pianist.
A man wearing a blue skintight unitard writhed at his feet.
Wang Bin lifted the writhing man and slammed him to the floor for a three-count.
He watched a professional wrestler, battling in that most American of fake spectacles.
I feel very proud and excited to see him onstage tonight, and so do all the fans.
World Wrestling Entertainment has grand ambitions for a bigger but much more difficult market.
The company brought Hulk Hogan and Dwayne (The Rock) Johnson into American living rooms.
It has started a new service live-streaming Chinese-language matches and commentary.
It is also combing China’s provinces for more beefy talent like Wang Bin.
Entertainment names like Netflix and Rupert Murdoch have taken aim at China’s population of 1.4 billion.
Wrestling’s cartoon violence and sometimes salacious story lines could attract unwanted attention from the government.
While it has its fans, American-style wrestling-as-scripted-entertainment is largely unheard-of among mainland Chinese.
The square-jawed wrestler and action movie star has learned to speak some Chinese.
It has teamed with a video-streaming company to reach fans though computers and mobile devices.
It has also geared up efforts to introduce a new audience to the suplex, the body slam and the drop-kick.
They maintain local-language social media accounts for its wrestlers and executives.
It is also hosting viewing parties, like one this month in the Chinese city of Guangzhou.
Success requires exposing Chinese audiences to a new type of entertainment.
It is a choreographed drama in which the outcome is known.
Paul Levesque is WWE’s executive in charge of talent and live events.
He is also a partly retired wrestler better known as Triple H.
Jay Li is a longtime executive at multinational companies in China.
He in April joined WWE as its general manager for greater China.
They immediately have a cultural connection and a mental image of what this is about.
Sports or something that looks like a sport might be different.
It is big on hosting international events like the Olympics and promoting sports like soccer.
China gets soccer into schools and make the country a power in the sport.
It has led companies to pay big sums for broadcast rights.
A lot of players are looking for ways to monetize that.
Vivek Couto is a founder and a director at Media Partners Asia.
Like other media companies, WWE is grappling with the new world of cord-cutting.
Viewers drop their cable subscriptions and order shows via the internet.
They make up only about a quarter of the paid subscribers on WWE’s digital subscription service.
It is one of the biggest contributors to the company’s bottom line.
It was still waiting to offer subscriptions directly to Chinese viewers.
For now it works with a Chinese video company service called PPTV.
It streams the company’s weekly flagship shows, called “SmackDown” and “RAW,” with real-time Mandarin commentary.
It is roughly a third of what WWE’s own subscription service costs outside China.
The company’s social media team works to make him a star.
Seven other mainlanders, six men and one woman, will relocate to Orlando in January.
It is a big Japanese wrestling and mixed martial arts promotion.
He started training in Orlando over the summer in preparation for his China debut.
Wang Bin doesn’t yet have a defined act or character, or even a flashy name.
One of the oldest such personas in WWE-style wrestling is the foreign heel, or bad guy.
In an interview, Wang Bin said he wasn’t a big believer in appealing to such nationalistic tropes.
Christopher Tsui is gearing up for a strong year of mating.
The Hong Kong-based private investor sees the possibility for more interest in one of his long-term investment projects.
His champion race horse will benefit him with a potentially lucrative career in breeding.
Mr. Tsui, like many wealthy Chinese, divvies up his time between China and Europe.
He is building a roster of clients to mate with his stallion, an Irish thoroughbred named Sea the Stars.
It became one of the most acclaimed flat racers in decades.
Horse owners want their mares to bear prize-winning colts that will mimic Sea the Stars's success.
Mr. Tsui retired Sea the Stars after his winnings to prepare him for a breeding career.
Already in the past several years the stallion has fathered around 300 foals.
But Mr. Tsui, 32 years old, hopes the numbers will grow this year.
The most likely candidates to afford an 85,000 breeding fee for Sea the Stars are China's bastions of millionaires.
The sporting events have in recent years been hard-hit by economic woes.
Wealthy Chinese are exploring new hobbies and ways to invest their money.
But they may also be the most difficult to lure, industry insiders say.
It paved the way for Olympic events and new jockey clubs.
For years, we've been the only Chinese owners racing at the highest level internationally.
He has spent the better half of his life outside of his native Hong Kong.
He notes that many Chinese have looked for investments overseas rather than hobbies.
Horse racing is a risk with the potential of little payoff.
The biggest reward is the rush of emotions during a race.
He notes that it's a far bigger rush than his days of playing professional golf.
But he left to pursue a degree in business management at Cass Business School in London.
Still, Mr. Tsui notes that there are hopeful signs that an appetite for the sport is building out of China.
He notes that there have been inquiries about Sea the Stars from mainland China.
Mr. Tsui also believes he may be able to draw Chinese buyers by winning more races this year.
Many of Sea the Stars's 300 offspring are hitting their prime racing age (3 years old) this year.
They will begin to compete in some of Europe's top races in April.
If they win, many Chinese and others may be chomping at the bit to create more little Sea the Stars.
Stacey Allaster is the chief executive of the Women's Tennis Association.
Li Na started to reach the business end of Grand Slam tournaments.
Li is the most influential player this decade for the growth of women's tennis.
She added that the WTA had only two events in China in 2008 and now has 10.
The WTA is moving its biggest event to the region for the first time.
Singpore havs secured the rights for the season-ending event for the next five years.
It is determined by the points they pick up at WTA tournaments.
She is in top spot on the Road to Singapore leaderboard.
Li Na has a second Grand Slam title to go with her 2011 French Open title.
She became the first Asian player to win a Grand Slam singles event.
Li Na, the 31-year-old from Wuhan, central China, defeated Dominika Cibulkova 7-6, 6-0.
She charmed the watching world Saturday when she gave a victory speech in her inimitable style after the match.
Now I have to thank my team: Max, my agent, make me rich - thanks a lot.
She pocketed more than $2.3 million for her win in Melbourne.
It takes her career prize money earnings to nearly $16 million.
Now of course, my husband, he is even more famous in China than me.
Li Na was trending high Saturday on Twitter and similar platforms like Sina Weibo in China.
Even before the Australian Open victory, the WTA said 53% of its social media fans are from China.
Li Na's success will push that figure higher, but she has great appeal overseas too.
Her name was mentioned in 214,827 tweets, far ahead of Ana Ivanovic.
Ana Ivanovic was second on the 'social leaderboard' rankings with 193,559 mentions.
The other two cities are Tianjin, a city to the east of Beijing, and Monterrey, in northeast Mexico.
Singapore will hold the championship for five years, an expansion from the previous host, Istanbul.
We were only just getting in the groove and then we had to leave.
No doubt that Li Na has helped take the foundation of the strategy in Singapore.
She has helped escalate and move the strategy far faster than I ever imagined.
She will be at the official launch in Singapore on Monday, along with Eugenie Bouchard.
Eugenie Bouchard was the 19-year-old player whom Li defeated in the semifinals of the Australian Open last week.
In total, there will be 17 WTA events in the Asia-Pacific region this year, the organization said.
Singapore will be the ninth city to host the WTA Championships.
Rolex was right, even if its congratulatory message to Li Na for winning the Australian Open was a bit premature.
The Chinese tennis sensation defeated Slovakia's Dominika Cibulkova 7-6, 6-0 to claim her second Grand Slam title on Saturday.
Sun Qun, the editor-in-chief of Basketball, a paper run by the Guangzhou Daily, congratulated Ms. Li on his Weibo account.
I always like people like that--never beaten and aspiring to win!
You can look at her from different perspectives, and have different assessments on her.
But whether you praise her or criticize her, you cant ignore a fact--she's at the peak.
Li Na famously broke from China's tightly controlled state-run sports system in 2008.
Meanwhile, Ms. Li's own Weibo account was flooded with well wishes from fans all over the world.
For her part, Li Na entertained the crowd in Melbourne with her post-match speech.
Some in the Western world were dubbing 'the best Australian Open victory speech ever,' spawning a funniestspeechever hashtag on Twitter.
Ms. Li called out and thanked her agent for making her rich.
There was but one issue with their bid to reach the pinnacle of international sport.
I mean, we could have, if someone had been holding our feet.
The two weree sent home by Canadian officials and instructed to lose 20 pounds.
At the elite level of the sport, curlers increasingly are adopting unorthodox training routines, like weightlifting, for instance, and jogging.
At select international competitions, some are eschewing curling's traditional sports drinks, namely lagers and ales.
As a result, the image of the Olympic curler is changing.
American curler John Shuster, 31, will be competing in his third Olympics.
The Canadian men's team, which will be favored to win gold in Sochi, is nicknamed the Buff Boys.
Two of them recently posed for a 'Men of Curling' calendar.
They spend over an hour a day in the gym, four to six days a week.
Mike Harris won a silver medal for Canada at the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, Japan.
When I was in Nagano, it was just crazy to think of anyone working that hard.
On the women's side, the reigning world-champion team is led by 23-year-old Eve Muirhead of Britain.
She once walked the runway at a New York fashion show.
Now she spends her days training full-time at the Scottish Institute of Sport.
Through social media, competitors around the globe marvel at her team's workout habits.
It is considered proper etiquette for the winning team to buy the losing team a round of drinks.
Sometimes, the winning team re-reciprocates, and back and forth it goes.
But at the top level of the sport, the fitness boom is putting an end to that tradition.
The two teams will still sit down, but they'll be sipping a water or having a protein shake.
The culture change is attributed to the rise of curling as an Olympic sport.
The higher stakes brought increased funding from national Olympic committees and corporate sponsors.
It has allowed curlers in several countries to become full-time professionals.
In the U.S. and Canada, most Olympic curlers still have regular jobs.
But even those who must balance training regimens with day jobs are increasingly treating the sport like a profession.
As for curlers looking more athletic, no one would argue that this change is for the worse.
But in a sport that evokes shuffleboard more than snowboarding, how much does conditioning matter?
I would think if you're in reasonable shape, that should be enough.
Orest Meleschuk was one of the top Canadian curlers of the 1960s and 70s.
Even now, there is some disagreement about the correlation between fitness and winning.
Finesse is as important or more important than the big muscles.
The success of curlers with athletic-looking physiques has made conditioning fashionable.
Among the members of Canada's gold medal-winning men's team in 2010 was a personal trainer.
The U.S.'s McCormick, 40, works out with a personal trainer twice a week.
In a typical game, curlers will walk 2 miles or more.
Where strength and endurance play the biggest role is in sweeping.
The greater the force a sweeper can exert on the ice, the faster the stone will go.
Sochi is not exactly a winter wonderland but a coastal resort, miles from the mountains, fronting the Black Sea.
Sochi's estimates have ballooned to around $50 billion-more than four times early estimates-securing.
This means that it will be the most expensive Olympics ever, summer or winter.
The two men's room toilets are unseparated by a wall or any privacy divide, Toilettes à deux.
This law has been internationally condemned as discriminatory toward gay people.
Amid rumblings of boycotts, Russia offered assurances that gay visitors are welcome to the Games.
The U.S. is sending an Olympic delegation that includes several high-profile gay athletes.
Security is always a priority in the modern Olympics-or any high-profile sporting event.
The Russians have pledged a historic show of military protection, with more than 40,000 troops-a‘Ring of Steel'.
It sounds Schwarzeneggerian in its confidence-but worry continues to permeate the pre-Games planning.
There have been reports of athletes urging friends and family to stay away.
There will be hockey, and, as in Canada four years ago, a host nation set upon a gold-medal run.
There will also be alpine skiing and speed skating, luge and bobsled.
In the end there is an undeniable quality to the Games-how.
Despite all the headaches and ugly politics and absurd costs, there are brilliant performances that become indelible moments.
The most recognizable member of the U.S. team is already a legend at 27.
Shaun White, the snowboard virtuoso, his Flying Tomato locks now is shorn into a neat Don Draper trim.
Davis is trying to do it in the men's 1,000 meters.
With Lindsey Vonn out with a knee injury, 18-year-old World Cup whiz Mikaela Shriffin will be elevated to prime-time status.
Bjoerndalen is poised to potentially make a run at 12 medals, the all-time Winter Games record.
A couple months ago, the Journal's Sonne quoted the manager of Sochi's Olympic ice hockey rink.
The start is hours away, and the mood is unsettled for these Uneasy Games.
In 1987, two of the finest athletes in the sport of curling arrived at a pre-Olympic camp.
They were with high hopes of representing Canada at the 1988 Winter Games.
Canadian officials sent the two persons home and instructed to lose 20 pounds.
At that time, cigarettes and beer were as much a part of curling as ice and brooms.
But curling re-emerges on the world stage in Sochi next month.
It will do so in the midst of a fitness revolution.
At the elite level of the sport, curling is often likened to chess on ice.
At select international competitions, some are eschewing curling's traditional sports drinks, namely lagers and ales.
American curler John Shuster will be competing in his third Olympics.
Mike Harris won a silver medal for Canada at the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, Japan.
It was just crazy to think of anyone working that hard.
She once walked the runway at a New York fashion show.
She now spends her days training full-time at the Scottish Institute of Sport.
At the top level of the sport, the fitness boom is putting an end to that tradition.
After a 56-year absence from the Winter Games, curling returned as a demonstration sport in 1988 and again in 1992,
The higher stakes has allowed curlers in several countries to become full-time professionals.
Orest Meleschuk is one of the top Canadian curlers of the 1960s and '70s.
Meleschuk took his final shot with a lit cigarette dangling from his mouth as he slid onto the ice.
This was in an era when multiple ashtrays would be placed alongside the ice.
'I don't think the team that's in the best shape is going to be the best team.
It is just as Tiger Woods changed the way golfers think about fitness.
Among the members of Canada's gold medal-winning men's team in 2010 was a personal trainer
Back in the '90s and the early 2000s, you could get away with not being so physically fit.
U.S.'s McCormick, 40, works out with a personal trainer twice a week.
Two teammates furiously scrub the ice in front of a moving stone to reduce friction and help it travel further.
The stronger guys are better at it and I hate to say it.
China's top tennis player Li Na had a fight on her hands in Wednesday's second-round match against 16-year-old Belinda Bencic.
Li Na likened  a player to tennis legend Martina Hingis.
It took a tie-break for Li Na, 31, to gain an advantage.
She gave me a very tough time at the end of the second set.
I'm just glad I could use my experience to win the match.
She won two junior titles last year at Roland Garros and Wimbledon.
Bencic is coached by her father and occasionally by Hingis's mother.
She started going to Hingis's mother tennis school when she was four years old.
Martina Hingis won five Grand Slams in the late 1990s, including the Australian Open three times.
Melbourne continued to swelter Wednesday, a day after temperatures hit 42.2 degrees Celsius.
She was lucky to play the first match of the day.
At that time, Lleyton Hewitt's five-set are matched with Andreas Seppi.
Li confirmed she had some doubts earlier this year about continuing her career.
Li lose at the Aegon International tournament in the lead-up to Wimbledon.
I cannot promise I will play another three or four years.
China's Li Na breezed through the opening round of the Australian Open on Monday.
It took just over one hour to defeat Ana Konjuh of Croatia 6-2, 6-0.
The No. 4 seed will play Belinda Bencic in the second round.
Since her comeback in 2009 has only progressed beyond the first round once.
Williams, the former world No. 1, was not seeded in this tournament.
Makarova will play Williams's compatriot Irina Falconi in the second round.
In other matches Monday, the opening day of the tournament, Australia's Casey Dellacqua beat Vera Zvonareva of Russia.
Te opening day of the tournamen will face 18th seed Kirsten Flipkens in the second round.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach was surprised by the lack of attention the superstar boxer got.
Referring to two-time Olympic gold medal winner Zou Shiming is on the undercard Sunday.
Sunday's welterweight clash between Pacquiao and Brandon Rios will test the relevance of boxing in the potentially critical Chinese market.
The 32-year-old flyweight won the first gold medal in China's Olympic boxing history in 2008 in Beijing.
He fought again in the territory in June, beating another Mexican, Jesus Ortega.
The fight promoters hope that Zou and Pacquiao are named fighter of the decade 2001-2010 by the World Boxing Council.
This will attract a record number of viewers in mainland China.
The sport was banned under Mao Zedong's rule in the 1960s and 70s.
He expects around 200 million homes in China to tune in Sunday to 'The Clash in Cotai.
This match will take place at the 15,000-seater Cotai Arena in the Venetian Macao,
Las Vegas Sands Corp.'s flagship casino-resort is in the world's gambling capital.
The promoter still needs to find a way to make money in China.
Mr. Arum of his initial hope to create a pay-per-view market in China within a few months.
To reach an audience as big as that, you'd think they'd all be buying it up.
Compared to just $10,000 for Zou's professional debut is earlier this year.
Mr. Arum has represented fighters from Muhammad Ali to Oscar De La Hoya and Floyd Mayweather Jr..
Mr. Arum added that Top Rank is on the hunt for fresh Chinese fighters.
In order for the sport to flourish in China you need to have home-grown talent.
He has been in the limelight this week since arriving at the Venetian.
Reporters have been given access to the gym underneath the theater.
Li Na's coach grips it like a hammer, with the strings perpendicular to the ground.
He turns his hand an eighth of an inch to the left so his knuckles point ever so slightly upward.
This grip is commonly used by tennis professionals on serves and backhands.
Li, who Thursday reached her third Australian Open final, never used to hold a racket like this.
Somebody says you want to change the grip on the serve for somebody who is 31 years old, you say.
She's ready to change and do whatever she needs to do to improve.
So the 31-year-old adjusted her serve grip, and her backhand grip, too.
She puts more spin on her second serve and her backhand to reduce her errors.
Li is on the verge of winning her first title at the Australian Open.
After her 6-2, 6-4 victory over Eugenie Bouchard, Li is back in the final here for the third time.
In both finals, she won the first set and lost the next two.
Saturday, Li will be the favorite against surprise finalist Dominika Cibulkova, the No. 20 seed.
Dominika Cibulkova beat Agnieszka Radwanska 6-1, 6-2 in Thursday's other semifinal.
She has long been one of the most talented women in tennis.
She's one of few who can match the aggressive strokes of Serena Williams.
Rodriguez add more variety to her baseline game with slices and chips.
Li Na, she had one path at the beginning, baseline, baseline, hit, hit.
Last year, she considered retiring after losing at a Wimbledon warm-up tournament in Eastbourne.
It often takes luck to win a Grand Slam tennis tournament.
In the third round against Lucie Safarova, she faced a match point.
Safarova, a hard-hitting lefty, missed a down-the-line winner by an inch or so.
After the match, Li said she felt she had been given a second life at the tournament.
Li could win this event without playing a single player who has won a Grand Slam singles title,
It's a rare chance, and probably her best, to win a second major.
Rolex congratulates Li Na on winning her first Australian Open and second Grand Slam title.
They took a sly dig at Rolex's apparent invention of "a new line of time machines".
Another Rolex advertisement also congratulated Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for winning the men's title.
This ad inexplicably accompanies the ad with a picture of golfer Tiger Woods.
Mr. Tsonga was defeated by former World No. 1 Roger Federer in the tournament's fourth round Tuesday.
The Australian Open on Thursday tweeted from its verified account a statement from the Switzerland-based maker of luxury timepieces.
Rolex regrets the publication of an advertisement on the Australian Open website celebrating the victory of Li Na.
It hopes this will nevertheless bring good luck to Li Na.
Shanghai Association of Tennis Professionals Masters has been renamed the Shanghai Rolex Masters.
It's also the official timekeeper for Wimbledon and other top tennis events.
These players includs Mr. Federer, who's also Swiss, Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro and, of course, Ms. Li.
Misfortune befalls Ms. Li in the Rod Laver Arena on Saturday.
Rolex won't be the only one with egg on its face.
A poll on China's leading Twitter-like microblog platform, Sina Weibo, showed an overwhelming majority of respondents expect a Li victory.
Some 98.4% of a poll of about 6,000 bloggers predicted Ms. Li would win the tournament.
Those in the minority noted that this would be Ms. Li's third entry as an Australian Open finalist.
She moves within striking distance to an Australian Open tennis title.
She defeated Italy's Flavia Pennetta in straight sets to land a spot in the Melbourne tournament's semifinal.
 The annual exodus home for the Lunar New Year, called the world's largest human migration.
Never ones to miss an opportunity to take a dig at China's government.
Some bloggers lauded Ms. Li's progress with a backhanded shank at Beijing.
Always a crowd favorite on shore, the Wuhan native regularly plays at home to arenas packed to the rafters.
This reason lies in her pioneering break from China's tightly controlled state-run sports system in 2008.
State media have no qualms about dubbing her 'the big-mouthed woman'.
A half-affectionate nod to her outspokenness even as they praise her accomplishments.
Ms. Li is the only Asian to ever win a Grand Slam singles tournament.
The odds of Ms. Li's taking the Australian Open have shifted in her favor this year.
Top-seed Serena Williams of the U.S. fell to Serbia's Ana Ivanovic in Sunday's fourth round.
Zhang Xin is the chief executive officer of property conglomerate Soho China.
Ms. Li's 67-minute 6-2, 6-2 victory Tuesday over Ms. Pennetta has further raised expectations.
Tennis pundits have turned an approving eye on recent changes in her playing style.
She has been moving more aggressively and more often to the net to close out points.
For five years, she is against Canadian teenager Eugenie Bouchard Thursday.
Li Na is Asia's last hope in the singles competitions at the Australian Open.
Li Na eased through to the semifinals with a 6-2, 6-2 win over Italy's Flavia Pennetta on Tuesday.
Li will play the winner of the quarterfinal between Eugenie Bouchard and Ana Ivanovic for a place in the final.
Ivanovic knocked No. 1 seed Serena Williams out of the competition in the fourth round.
On paper at least doing her fellow remains players a favor given Williams's dominance of the sport.
Maria Sharapova was also knocked out in the fourth round by Dominika Cibulkova.
In the other quarterfinal, Victoria Azarenka is the No. 2 seed.
Azarenka has progressed to the quarterfinals without dropping a set and conceded 19 games in four matches.
Li has swept aside her most recent two opponents, conceding just six games in the past two matches.
But she had a major scare in round three when she survived a match point against Lucie Safarova.
Li will be looking to go one better than last year.
Li is still searching for a second Grand Slam title to go with her French Open crown from 2011.
Before considering another final, Li will have to focus on Ivanovic or Bouchard.
She hasn't made it to a Grand Slam final since that year.
This is the 19-year-old Canadian's first appearance at the Australian Open.
Social media users wondered why officials were giving taxpayer money to a woman who had no need for it.
Based on her previous relationship with China's state sports system, Li Na almost certainly didn't want it.
A comically honest victory speech Saturday is described by some as the funniest in the history of major tennis events.
Ms. Li nodded toward the wealth her success had brought her by thanking her agent, Max Eisenbud, first.
Her win in Melbourne--in addition to earning her 2.65 million Australian dollars (US$2.3 million)looks set to add to her marketability.
The China's most successful tennis player isn't willing to regared as patriotic chest-thumping.
Unlike other Chinese athletes, Ms. Li has conspicuously failed to thank the motherland in her victory speeches.
As Foreign Policy noted on Monday, however, that hasn't stopped China for thanking itself on her behalf.
Ms. Li's success, said a Xinhua commentary is citied by Foreign Policy's Liz Carter.
Li Na would not have been possible without her time on the national team.
Li Hongzhong tried to use taxpayer money to buy a smile.
They were asked how they will feel about having their commentary heard on national television.
Yiqing Zhou and Xueyin Shi both said through laughter that A little bit nervous.
Zhou and Shi, you see, do a lot of things together.
They call Dayton games in Mandarin Chinese, for broadcasts distributed on the university’s athletics website.
CBS plans to toss a brief part of the game action to Zhou and Shi.
Zhou and Shi are members of a rotating cast of five broadcasters who call the games for Dayton in Mandarin.
Their energy, among other factors, helped them draw the season’s two prime assignments from Michael LaPlaca.
The Atlantic 10 tournament was the first time Dayton had the international commentators on-site for a road game.
LaPlaca said that they just have a chemistry that just clicks on air.
It's a product of an initiative by a university looking to engage more with the international students on campus.
It allows international students to broadcast the games and also reach an audience out in China.
The university estimated that its enrollment of about 11,000 included more than 600 Chinese students.
Additionally, Dayton has an institute in the China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park, near Shanghai.
LaPlaca said 64 students initially showed interest in the broadcasting venture.
He narrowed the field by sending applicants a video clip of a game-winning shot by Dayton guard Jordan Sibert.
LaPlaca told the aspiring students to improvise and announce the play.
He worked with a Dayton professor who speaks Mandarin to rate the best students.
They went to Dayton for their senior years, sticking around for graduate school.
They decided that pairing on a broadcast would be a great way to share a hobby.
They regularly pore over game notes, brushing up on injuries and studying the backgrounds of visiting coaches.
They watch highlights of recent games to fill in any gaps in their knowledge.
Shi said that when they do the broadcast, they need to control their emotions sometimes.
On broadcasts, she added that they need just to talk as clear as possible.
They need to talk U.D. a lot, but they also need to talk other teams sometimes.
Shi thinks the hardest thing for me is just to control my emotions.
Zhou said the nervous feeling they will experience Friday night is nothing new.
They both get nervous before each tipoff, but they quickly ease their way into the flow of the game.
Shi said that the Chinese fans have no idea how the seeds come out and everything.
I returned home the other night exhausted, quadriceps aching, twinges in my foot, salty with sweat.
I had spent 90 minutes in a gym crammed with 10 Ping-Pong tables and assorted players.
All people were coaxing and smacking a little ball over the net.
I had beaten two young men half my age and lost battles against worthy opponents.
I had taken up Ping-Pong during college, and in my 30s dove in more deeply.
I climb the long stairway up to a table tennis center in Westfield, N.J.
A distracted driver made an illegal turn at a pedestrian crossing and drove directly into my bum knee.
The surgeon did his best to repair my crushed knee, inserted a titanium screw, recommended I stay slim.
The surgeon advised against afternoons of power shopping, and told me never to jog or run again.
Three months in a cast left my atrophied foot floppy and useless.
I hunted for shoes that could cushion my knee and set my sights on walking and climbing stairs again.
Years later, I tried to play Ping-Pong and limped for a week. I put the game out of my mind.
A dimple in my right breast proved malignant, so I underwent lumpectomy, followed by chemotherapy and radiation.
By treatment’s end, clothing felt intolerable, and a stroll around the block winded me.
My old knee injury hurt anew; flesh around the scar felt fragile as old rubber bands.
I learned to befriend painful stretches and breathe new life into atrophied muscles without injuring myself.
The knee hadn’t been oppressively swollen in a while. I felt a flicker of hope.
Could Ping-Pong be feasible for me, now ― in my condition, at my age?
Ping-Pong, or table tennis, is one of the fastest racket sports.
It returns balls that can fly over 60 miles per hour, demanding faster response times than tennis or badminton.
Alessandro Moura Zagatto is a sports physiologist and researcher at S?o Paulo State University in Brazil.
Energy expenditure tables list the sport as requiring four METS of energy.
It's about the same as archery or bowling, skilled players can peak at 11.7 METs during a match, said.
Ping-Pong’s unique visual and spatial demands, strategy requirements and vigor may even offer benefits for the brain.
Table tennis improved cognitive function more than dancing, walking, gymnastics or resistance training.
The great thing about our sport is it can be played by anyone.
Jimmy Butler overcame a debilitating muscle condition in his 20s and 30s to reclaim the title at age 44.
Four years after completing radiation therapy, I set out to make my own Ping-Pong dream a reality.
My performance goals were realistic: Just be good enough that other players were willing to rally with me.
There is a breathtakingly out-of-shape woman in a sea of men, some in their 20s, a handful over 80.
A man with a kind face invited me to hit with him.
It soon became obvious that I needed to remember mindfulness while at the table.
I got too easily distracted by shouts from my opponent or stray balls flying wildly from other tables.
I had to stay focused on the little ball. Keep alert to spin.
I keep a water bottle nearby as sweat rolls off me.
I stop when tired and praise my flimsy knee for its good work.
Some nights I play so joyfully, I can almost believe this sport is the fountain of youth.
Bob Mankoff announced last week that he was stepping down as cartoon editor of The New Yorker after 20 years.
Some people reached for the obvious, if not necessarily New Yorker-worthy, jokes.
But while Mr. Mankoff, 72, may be leaving the magazine, he’s hardly retiring.
He will be teaching a course about humor and communication at Fordham University.
Mr. Mankoff will continue to consult on the Cartoon Bank, a licensing platform he founded in 1992.
This is a company he’s creating with the comedy writer Jamie Brew.
Mr. Mankoff has already collaborated with a Microsoft researcher on an algorithm.
It can sort through the flood of entries to the magazine’s weekly cartoon caption contest.
He’s already bracing himself for brutal competition from the many younger cartoonists he has mentored.
I’ve gotten some very nice emails from some of them saying.
Mr. Mankoff thinks he might have to steal all the ideas that have been sent to him over the years.
He’s kidding, though with him it can sometimes be hard to tell.
He said that his mantra is to leave no joke unjoked, he just feels that being funny is being awake.
We talked with Mr. Mankoff about some of his favorites from among the hundreds of his own cartoons.
Wonky humor theory and that time he discovered that one of his punch lines had been repurposed on a thong.
The punch line has been ripped off on T-shirts, even a thong.
That one is a little tricky ― why would you have that on a thong?
One of the things you do as a cartoonist is look inside the language.
One of the interesting things about cartoons is that they are a freeze-frame.
You can almost see this one as the premise for an improv skit.
The New Yorker used to be on 42nd Street, and we could look out on the Empire State Building.
It just taps into all our obsessions, or at least men’s obsessions.
It would appear that week or after, and people would associate it with that.
At the same time, it would work on another level and continue to be funny.
From my point of view as an atheist, it’s a cartoon about religion.
It’s almost like as I’m talking, another editor is working, trying to finish the line.
I often start a phrase and then try to flip it or exaggerate it.
Sometimes I’ll say to my wife: I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you, she’ll say, How far back?
There’s also a deeper truth relating to how much you actually listen to the person you’re with.
A lot of cartoons take place in very generic settings: two people at dinner, or sitting on the couch.
Sometimes I see cartoons that are too well drawn, and I tell the cartoonists to take it back a notch.
There’s something really nice about the simplicity of cartoons. You don’t want the image to mug too much.
I loved doing this cartoon, but at the same time I thought it was dumb.
I realized it was dumb to keep thinking it was dumb.
One of the things you have to recognize about humor is that at its heart it’s stupid.
It's a 32-team, 12-stadium, multibillion-euro production that takes five weeks every four years.
Of course, there are a million ways to look at it.
For the hard core, it's an opportunity to watch 64 games in five weeks.
For the politically minded, it's a unique window into a country.
For the bandwagon fans, it's a chance to get caught up in the excitement.
The tournament will crop up in more conversations than you might expect.
The road to the World Cup started over two years ago with more than 200 teams.
Every team at the World Cup had to go through some version of it.
Last December, the 32 nations were seeded and drawn into eight four-team groups.
Each of those will unfold as a round robin or all-play-all contest.
The top two teams from each group will advance to the round of 16.
One game, potentially decided in 30 minutes of extra time or in a penalty shootout.
The last time Brazil hosted the World Cup was in 1950.
It just a final game at the end of a second group stage.
It needed only a draw against Uruguay to lift the trophy for the first time.
It opened the scoring in the 47th minute through the winger Friaca.
Uruguay's Alcides Ghiggia set up Juan Schiaffino for the tying goal.
At 1-1, Brazil was still on track to win the World Cup.
In the 79th minute, he blazed down the right wing cut inside.
The surviving footage of the goal is 'like Zapruder's film of Kennedy getting shot.
Eight years later at the 1958 World Cup, led by a 17-year-old Pelé.
On all four occasions they've won soccer's greatest prize since then.
The World Cup crams in 48 games over the first 15 days in an orgy of group-stage soccer.
Assuming you can't take two weeks off work to watch 72 hours of television.
Here's one day you should definitely call in sick: June 18.
It is one of the most exciting teams in South America.
Unwind with the kind of game that you might never watch any other time.
Those 22 teams had 23 victories, eight draws and 47 defeats.
There are a few happy exceptions, newbies who made Cinderella runs.
Senegal beat France in the 2002 group stage, and rode that momentum to the quarters.
More than half the surface of Brazil is covered by rain forest.
It's only fitting that the World Cup should have a stadium smack in the middle of it.
There are 24 teams who are very grateful to avoid it.
The winner was awarded what came to be known as the Jules Rimet trophy.
It was 'a depiction of the goddess of victory holding an octagonal vessel above her.
That trophy was retired in 1970 after Brazil won its third World Cup.
The cup's replacement was a garish 36.5-centimeter sculpture of 18-karat gold.
The actual hardware the winning teams take home is one of several gold-plated replicas.
Figuring out the World Cup's worst decisions depends on who you ask.
Two calls in the pantheon of dubious decisions both revolve around England.
In 1966, the team benefited from one by a linesman from Azerbaijan on its way to winning the final.
Tofiq Bahramov deemed that a Geoff Hurst shot against West Germany had crossed the goal line.
Frank Lampard's shot off the crossbar against Germany bounced at least a foot inside the goal.
At least those officiating blunders will be a thing of the past this time around.
He has the unique ability to roll himself up into a soccer ball.
They're certainly less frightening than the demented aliens Atofrom the Japan/South Korea tournament in 2002.
Spain's jolly anthropomorphic orange wore a Spanish soccer kit and had foliage to suggest his hair.
The host Brazil takes on Croatia in the opener here at Arena Corinthians.
Seven victories that culminate in a championship in Rio in July 13.
Just three host nations have won the tournament over the past 40 years.
During that time, an impressive list of hosts have come up short.
Opening matches, though, have been mostly positive experiences for the hosts.
The home team has won 14, drawn six and lost none.
That includes two games for co-hosts Japan and South Korea in 2002.
For Brazil the journey starts with the team's most difficult challenge of the group stage.
It has one of the world's great midfielders in Luka Modric.
His exploits don't show up in the obvious places of a standard game report.
Modric registered 766 passes during the 11 qualifying matches he played.
He completed 668 of them for an accuracy rate of 87.2%.
More than a third of Modric's passes occurred in the attacking third of the field.
He attempted the most dribbles on the team, 28, had the most successful dribbles, 18.
Modric aside, no one is particularly worried about Brazil surviving a group.
Every host nation except South Africa in 2010 has advanced to the knockout stage.
Germany, South Korea and Italy all won their opening matches at home
Japan and the U.S. drew and went out in the round of 16.
The Selecao wants to avoid a likely round-of-16 showdown with defending champion Spain
The style depends on the ability of Neymar to control and guide the offense in the middle of the field.
In the classic tradition of the best Brazilians goes by the single name Fred.
Fred had five goals in as many games in the Confederations Cup.
He have decided to ply their trade at home in recent years instead of in Europe.
Defenders Dani Alves or Thiago Silva or Maicon begin attacking from the back.
Will they live up to their reputation for playing the world's most beautiful soccer?
Will they take it easy on the acrobatics, play more defensively.
Brazilian workers are hastily putting the finishing touches on the stadiums.
Just two days before the World Cup opens here on Thursday.
So far, the streets and passing cars lack the usual decorations.
It doesn't even look like we have a Cup in Brazil or any Cup at all.
He is buying shirts at a mall along Avenida Paulista, Sao Paulo's central avenue.
Most of the stores at the mall featured decorations for Valentine's Day.
Many Brazilians have about this tournament and the state of their country.
Their own government and FIFA, soccer's global governing body, organized these games.
I have never seen this city so subdued before a World Cup.
Much of that comes from visiting fans decked out in everything from the sombreros.
The streets of Italian cities were a sea of green, white and red in 1990.
It was hard to find a car or cafe in South Africa without a flag four years ago.
The rowdiest fans have been fans from other countries, like Mexico.
I guess it will get better in the next few days.
Even before kickoff, this is shaping up as an unusual Cup.
In Rio, contingents of foreign fans decked out in their colors roamed the beaches on Tuesday.
They were anchored to the beach in protest, along with banners reading.
World Cup in a country of misery, financed by public money is a moral problem.
Many Brazilians say they will still put on a good party.
watching giant screens along Rio's beaches won't be an exhilarating atmosphere.
She was buying the Brazilian jersey for her family at a bustling street fair in downtown Sao Paulo.
Global sporting events are facing increasing pushback from the very populations.
We no longer have the same dependence on it that we had in the past.
The atmosphere would be incredible in the country that produced Pele and legions of other soccer greats.
A year ago, roughly a million Brazilians took to the streets.
Pockets of hard-core Black Bloc protesters still take to the streets.
It includes a subway strike in Sao Paulo that threatens to snarl traffic on game days.
We had a very different atmosphere in years past than now.
It is difficult to separate the spectacle of the World Cup from the mood of the country.
72% of Brazilians are dissatisfied with the way things are going in their country.
The majority of public opinion about Brazil's economy has soured for the first time since 2010.
Two-thirds of respondents to the center's survey said the country's economy was in bad shape.
Danilo Goncalves, 46, was riding bicycles with his son along Copacabana on Tuesday.
Neymar Sr. described his role as father and manager to Brazil's 22-year-old soccer phenom Neymar Jr. this way.
You shield gifted child from the pressures of carrying a nation's hopes on his shoulders.
Oddsmakers say Brazil is the tournament favorite on the strength of home-field advantage.
The Sele is the only team for which anything but total victory will be considered utter defeat.
Fans in Brazil, the winningest team in World Cup history, expect victory.
The nation is haunted by Uruguay's 2-1 upset victory over Brazil in Rio de Janeiro's Maracan.
Former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva brought the Cup back to Brazil.
Its economists include 'weight of the jersey' as a positive variable.
Brazil also has scored more goals and won more games than any other team.
The game of soccer figures prominently in the South American country's national identity.
This World Cup has taken on an extra dimension as a social and political flash point in Brazil
He charged with exorcising those demons and carrying forth Brazil's soccer tradition.
He is widely viewed as one of the greatest natural talents on the field today.
He stepped up from Pelé's old team Santos in the Brazilian leagues to heavy-hitting FC Barcelona only last year.
In 2011, Brazilian news magazine Veja put Neymar on its cover with a crown on his head.
The caption is Finally a star in the lineage of Pelé.
He is arguably the best ever to have played the soccer game.
The weight on Neymar to erase the stigma of the Maracanazo is unprecedented.
The idea is to wipe away that memory, hopefully this year.
Pelé took the field in his World Cup debut in 1958.
Making sure the pressure doesn't get to the Seleo is Felipo, or Big Phil, the team's coach.
He has made a name as a master of player psychology.
His idea is creating an upbeat 'family' environment in the locker room.
To do it, he has hired a psychologist to counsel the team.
They will certainly be some of the most well-known players at this year's competition.
Of the 736 players headed to the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil.
Just 236 of them have been called up to the global soccer tournament before.
Spain has the largest number of veterans on its squad with 16
Eto'o and Xavi also are part of a unique class of veterans.
The average player age for the past three World Cups is 27 years and five months.
There are players at very different ends of the age spectrum headed to Brazil.
If he plays, could become the oldest player to take the field in World Cup history.
Cameroonian forward Fabrice Olinga is the youngest player to be called up for the games at 18 years.
He cuts through the room in a slick gray suit and black turtleneck.
Pelé was putting an epilogue to his brilliant international career with a stint on the New York Cosmos.
He was no stranger to the dance floor at Studio 54.
He is here at the Apple store to talk about his new app.
They want to hear what Pelé will say about the World Cup.
It will be played this summer in soccer-mad Brazil for the first time in 64 years.
The 22-year-old prince of Brazilian soccer is one of the most electric players in the modern game.
The country's young goal-scoring sensations will no doubt be compared to Pelé.
For me it is a pleasure to be compared to a great player like Pelé.
In June Neymar is getting an opportunity even the King never had.
It is a launchpad almost comical in its exuberance and expectation.
It is a stirring chance for Neymar to bring glory to his country.
Neymar has been assigned the No. 10 jersey, Pelé's old number.
Much of it will land upon the lithe shoulders of a dynamic young forward.
Here in New York, I ask Pelé the question of the moment.
Is Neymar ready for this massive assignment, leading Brazil in Brazil?
He begins by recalling his own experience in his first World Cup
He is being asked to bring Brazil a World Cup at home.
The United States hasn't been a soccer backwater for a long time.
Sometimes it's as if we can't comprehend how big the sport is on the rest of the planet.
No Kardashian can keep up with a David Beckham or a Messi or a Ronaldo.
It's really hard to overstate how famous the most famous soccer players are on a global scale.
It is a fervent, tribal, maniacal event, one month of worldwide obsession, held every four years.
I'm hard pressed to think of an event more people are paying attention to.
The last World Cup final, in 2010 between Spain and the Netherlands.
It makes the Super Bowl seem like open-mike night at a coffee shop.
If Neymar is feeling the strain of what's before him in the World Cup.
It's a pleasure for me to play a World Cup in my country to my people.
It is shiny and fresh, like a new car in the driveway.
He has 10.4 million Twitter followers and 4.7 million followers on Instagram.
His feed is a steady stream of irreverent selfies and portraits from the soccer road.
His digital presence also makes it easy to follow the spiky evolution of Neymar's influential hairstyle.
It has ranged from a dyed-blond Mohawk to its current restrained status.
He shaved tightly at the sides with sweeping bangs combed gently onto his forehead.
The Internet teems with 'How to Cut Your Hair Like Neymar' tutorials.
He argues that his soccer talent was 'made for digital shorts.'
Bennett believes that his worldwide reputation grew principally through short video clips.
An essential Neymar YouTube moment features the player scoring a goal for Santos.
We saw YouTube clips of him slaloming like an eel between defenders.
It makes him one of the most exciting athletes there is, period.
It translates roughly to 'with the heart at the tip of the cleat.
His persuasive performance at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup in Brazil.
It's like a move from being a famous child star to being an adult star.
He compares it to Justin Bieber's trying to morph into Justin Timberlake.
Brazilians engineered a petition to put him on the roster for the 2010 competition in South Africa.
At the moment, Neymar is featured in a Nike advertisement starring Ronaldo and England's Wayne Rooney.
It features Neymar riding in a bus surrounded by frantic countrymen.
Neymar has been with Nike since 2007--the apparel company signed him when he was 15.
He's just one of the most exciting young talents in the game.
He is still young enough to have bad days and weeks
Pelé lately has hounded him about his tendency to take too many dives on the soccer field.
He likes to play cards, video games, hang out with friends.
This book, Chinese Olympic Pioneer — Zhang Boling,is a refined present dedicated to the Beijing Olympic Games by Chinese historians and sports experts.
The aim of the HKSI is to provide an environment in which sport talent can be identified, nurtured and developed to pursue excellence in sport.
Other than sports facilities, support given to athletes includes elite coaching and training, sports science, sports medicine, strength and conditioning, athlete affairs and education, applied research and sports information.
In an important step towards consolidating support for elite-level sport, Elite Sports were introduced to enhance the opportunities to win medals in international competitions.
The presentations may introduce services provided for elite training, highlights of current problems in a particular field, updates of research findings and possible applications, etc.
3.Sports Aid for the Disabled Grant (SADG)The ETG is designated for the HKSI Scholarship Athletes of Elite Sports and elite athletes of Development Sports under the Individual Athletes Support Scheme.
The ETG is a lump sum grant to replace the previous monthly stipend and Sports Aid Foundation Fund for Scholarship Athletes of Elite Sports.
The SAG is provided to elite athletes of Development Sports not under the Individual Athletes Support Scheme, and elite athletes of Elite Sports not under the HKSI Sports Scholarship Scheme.
But there is one other thing that we must remember.A strong mind needs a strong body in order to make it most useful.
In a wider perspective, the Games will also enhance Hong Kong's international status, attract overseas investment, create job opportunities and boost tourism.
The Olympic Games should be traced back to the ancient times.The Greeks were very fond of all sports that could make the body strong.
Many thousands of people came together upon a wide plain to see the contests of skill among men and boys from all parts of Greece.
The great games were running races, wrestling matches, horse races, and chariot races.There were games for boys as well as for men.
Those who were discovered cheating were fined, and the money was used to make bronze statues of Zeus, which were erected on the road to the stadium.
The statues were inscribed with messages describing the offenses, warning others not to cheat, reminding athletes that victory was won by skill and not by money.
In 1944, the famous British surgeon Dr.Ludwig Guttmann pioneered the idea of treating disabled people's body & mind through sporting activities and founded the disabled sports movement.
Although no other games are exactly like baseball, perhaps the one most nearly like it is the English game of cricket.
It is still played by almost every college and university in the country, and the football stadiums of some of the largest universities seat as many as 80,000 people.
In American football there are 11 players on each team, and they are dressed in padded uniforms and helmets because the game is rough and injuries are likely to occur.
Basketball is the winter sport in American schools and colleges.Like football, basketball originated in the US and is not popular in other countries.
Many Americans prefer it to football because it is played indoors throughout the winter and because it is a faster game.
It is a very popular game with high schools, and in more than 20 states, state-wide high school matches are held yearly.
Although horse-racing fans call themselves sportsmen, the accuracy of the term is questionable, as only the jockeys who ride the horses in the races can be considered athletes.
The so-called sportsmen are the spectators, who do "not assemble" primarily to see the horses race, but to bet upon the outcome of each race.
With effect from 2007-08, the Government allocates an additional $20 million recurrent funding to the HKSI annually to improve the direct financial support to athletes.
It was at the lld, EAGA Council Meeting held in Guam in March 1996 that Macao was awarded the right and honour to host the 4th East Asian Games.
Many thousands of people come together upon a wide plain to see the contests of skill among men and boys from all parts of Greece.
Those who were discovered cheating were fined, and the money was used to make bronze statues of Zeus, which were erected on the road to the stadium.
8) They again march into the stadium, but this time the contestants mingle without regard to nationality as a symbol of Olympic brotherhood.
South Korea, for one, has turned the sport into a quest for its very identity, its hopes captured in the cheer that rings through the nation's World Cup stadiums:
That singular achievement, though, was not just about Korea's arrival as a football force but as a selfconfident adult nation to be taken seriously.
When the country won the right to co-host the World Cup, it saw a chance to showcase itself -particularly to Japan, its neighbor, and the U.S., its often- contentious ally.
officials plugged Korea as Asia's most wired nation, and touted the country's capital as being as hip and caffeinated as any modern metropolis.
"We want to show we are a team - and a nation - that can compete with the best, and win."
The squad began with a historic triumph over sluggish Poland, then found itself face to face with the U.S.Korea's relations with America have long seesawed between peace and peril.
Although America fought on the side of the South during Korea's civil war, the 37,000 U.S.troops still stationed in the country have strained relations with their hosts.
The nation's next big test came in a do-or-die match on Friday night, when South Korea faced a star-studded side from Portugal.
Just hours before, Japan had qualified for the second round by dispensing with the hapless Tunisians.The possibility that Japan would advance while Korea stayed behind horrified the nation.
In the 69th minute of the match, midfielder Park Ji Sung deftly executed one of the prettiest strikes of the Cup.
Only one thing could possibly put a damper on the beer-soaked crowds14:the U.S.too had advanced to the second round, precisely because Park's goal had relegated the Portuguese.
Sports are perhaps the most popular form of relaxation that almost all can enjoy, whether boys or girls, men or women, young or old.
In his prose Ode to Sport, Pierre de Coubertin passionately described sport as the embodiment of beauty, justice, courage, health, progress and peace.
In ancient Greece, athletes who were discovered cheating were fined, and the money was used to make bronze statues of Zeus, which were erected on the road to the stadium.
Boxing brings into play the various groups of muscles almost as harmoniously as rowing, and like rowing has the advantage of ruling out one source of nervous fatigue holding back.
Long-distance rally driving dates back to an event that took place in 1907 when vehicles set out on a two-month trek from China to France.
Total well-being means applying healthy lifestyle habits such as not smoking, managing stress, and eating a smart diet, as well as exercising regularly.
It is the aspiration of the Chinese people to share the Olympic spirit, take part in Olympic affairs and host the Olympic Games.
In 1984, IOC President Samaranch said the IOC would like to see China host not only the 1990 Asian Games but also the Olympic Games.
The Chinese divers carried off 10 championships from the 5th to 7th World Swimming Championships and won nine gold medals from the 23rd to 26th Olympic Games.
Over the past few decades, thanks to the nationwide "fitness-for-all" sports campaign, Chinese people's health has been greatly improved, and the average life expectancy has increased substantially.
The slogan "New Beijing, Great Olympics" reflects our desire to host a great Olympic Games in the new century in a city with both ancient culture and modern charm.
Back to Song Dynasty, about the 11th century, people stated to play a game called Cuju, which is regarded as the origin of ancient football.The game was very popular.
Teams of eight pull against each other at opposite ends of a 35-metre-long rope in a contest known as the "Tug-of-War".
Many of China's traditional sports activities are not only good for health but also have high artistic value, and rich recreational and educational functions.
Dragon-boat racing, kite flying, yangge dancing, weiqi, qigong and taijiquan are traditional sports popular among both Han people and the people of ethnic minorities.
In recent years, some new sports, such as climbing, horse racing, bowling and golf are becoming popular among the Chinese people, especially urban young people.
By the time he had made the journey from Britain to Australia with the submarine, he had become a minor celebrity.He saw a once-in-a-life chance to grab a gold medal.
While demanding lip service to an impractical ideal, the amateur system has left American athletes to fend themselves in a degrading world of under-the-table payoffs and over-the-table handouts.
The Queen closed the boycott-hit, rain-affected Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh yesterday after Steve Cram had cruised to his second gold medal.
With the use of this chart, those "Yah, ha-ha-got-it-wrong-again" remarks from the weather- conscious public won't trouble the meteorological observatory too much any more.
Bowling is good for the stone and reins, shooting for the lungs and breast, gentle walking for the stomach, riding for the head, and the like.
Grammar deals with the structure of language, English grammar with the structure of English, and French grammar with the structure of French.
In 2008 Olympic Games, wushu is not an official event nor performing event, but is allowed to hold aninternational competition under Olympic Organizing Committee's permission.
Around each corner of a city block, around each bend in a country road, there is something new to greet the eyes, the ears, the nose.
Even the same walk, the one we may take every day, is never the same from one day to another, from one week and season to another.
The famous skyline of lower Manhattan rises before them, glittering in sun, afloat in mist, against a backdrop of sky never twice the same.
With Beijing's successful Olympic bid, many experts have anticipated the almost certain positive effects the Games would have on Beijing's economic growth.
With respect to environmental protection, a 120 km2 green belt was built in 2002, and the green projects alongside 5 rivers and 10 main roads were also completed.
In addition, there are now over 3.63 million square meters of new lawns, increasing the capital's total lawn area to 50 million square meters.
The No.5 subway line, with a total investment of US $ 1.45 billion, will be completed and put to operation in 2006.
By 2008 eight additional light railway routes will have been completed, extending the total length of the intra-city rail network to 300 km.
In the past few years, the Beijing municipal government has invested over RMB 2 billion in the construction of cultural facilities.
In the next 5 years, an additional US $75 million will be contributed exclusively to the preservation and renovation of historical and cultural relics.
No more than three entries from any country are permitted in each event (4 in the winter games), and only one team per country is allowed in a team sport.
According to that legend, he walked in a straight line for 400 strides and called this distance a "stadium" that later also became a distance calculation unit.
From then on, the Olympic Games were quickly becoming more and more important throughout ancient Greece, reaching their zenith in the 6th and 5th centuries BC.
The most famous Olympic athlete lived in these times:the 6th century BC wrestler, Milo Croton, is the only athlete in history to win a victory in six Olympics.
After Emperor Theodosius I10 made Christianity the religion of the Empire11 and banned pagan rites, the Olympic Games were outlawed as a pagan festival in 393 AD.
In 1894, a French noble man, Pierrde, called a meeting in Paris that led to the first modern Olympic Games, held in Athens in 1896.
Since then the Olympics have been held in different cities of the world once every four years, with the exception of war years 1916,1940 and 1944.
The boycott reduced the number of nations participating to only 81, and the lowest number of nations to compete since 1956.
The Soviet Union and of its Eastern Bloc 14 partners (except Romania) countered by skipping the Los Angeles Olympics in 1984.
He was also the first Korean artist to enter Forbes Magazine’s list of the world’s 100 most influential musicians under 30. 
“K-Pop has a huge following in Korea and around the world so we are very happy to have Taeyang as an ambassador for the Games,” he enthused. 
AS PART OF THE BUILD-UP TO THE OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES PYEONGCHANG 2018, THE LAST WEEK OF MAY 2017 SAW THE LAUNCH OF THE PEACE EDUCATION FESTIVAL. 
THIS FIVE-DAY EVENT, ON 27-31 MAY, HAS BEEN JOINTLY ORGANISED BY THE PYEONGCHANG 2018 ORGANISING COMMITTEE (POCOG) AND THE GANGWON PROVINCIAL OFFICE OF EDUCATION (GPOE).
The programme kicked off with a lecture on the topic of the Olympic and Paralympic values and the Olympic Truce. 
On the penultimate day of the festival, the POCOG President joined the participants in a “peace walk” along the Demilitarised Zone (DMZ) of the city of Goseong.
From there, nearly 4,000 hours of images will be transmitted across the world, showcasing the Olympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018 to billions of viewers.
“With approximately eight months until the Olympic Winter Games, handing over the IBC to Olympic Broadcasting Services is another meaningful milestone for PyeongChang 2018,” said POCOG President Lee Hee-beom. 
The IBC will bring the Games to billions across the globe, and POCOG will support OBS to deliver the best conditions for broadcasters around the world.
During the 17 days of the Games, the IBC will become the busiest sports broadcast hub in the world, providing facilities and services to approximately 6,000 broadcast personnel. 
It will be operational 24 hours a day, seven days a week, guaranteeing that every moment of the action can be seen throughout the world.
Some 6,700 tonnes of steel were used to build the IBC, which compares to the weight of about 33.5 blue whales.
SUMI JO, THE GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING KOREAN SOPRANO, HAS BEEN APPOINTED AS AN HONORARY AMBASSADOR FOR THE OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES PYEONGCHANG 2018. 
THE PYEONGCHANG ORGANISING COMMITTEE (POCOG) MADE THE ANNOUNCEMENT ON 22 MAY AT A SPECIAL EVENT, HELD AT THE FOREIGN PRESS CENTRE IN THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA CAPITAL SEOUL.  
It soon became clear that Sumi Jo’s talents lay in opera and she made her professional recital debut with the Seoul Opera while still a student at Seoul National University.
Soon after leaving university, Sumi Jo moved to Italy to study music at the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome and has since developed into a world-renowned soprano. 
PyeongChang 2018 will not be Sumi Jo’s first involvement in a major sporting event; in fact, she is something of a veteran of the sporting arena. 
To have the chance to help celebrate and promote Korean music, culture and sport to the world through the Games is a huge honour. 
TO HAVE THE CHANCE TO HELP CELEBRATE AND PROMOTE KOREAN MUSIC, CULTURE AND SPORT TO THE WORLD THROUGH THE GAMES IS A HUGE HONOUR.
ON 8 JUNE 2015 IN LAUSANNE, THE IOC EXECUTIVE BOARD PUT THE FINAL TOUCHES TO THE PROGRAMME FOR THE OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES PYEONGCHANG 2018. 
“Mixed doubles is a shorter event, and a totally different discipline to traditional curling,” explains World Curling Federation (WCF) President Kate Caithness. 
The arrival of this discipline also means that, for the first time, curling will be on the Games schedule every day, which will give our sport unprecedented visibility.
For example, we have had doubles champions from Hungary, the 2014 bronze medallists from Spain, and the 2010 runners-up from New Zealand.
It was also the fifth time Switzerland had remained unbeaten at the World Championships, following on from Russia, which had beaten China in 2016. 
The winning artists will each receive 10 million Korean won and will also have their work archived by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
“We hope that the official art poster competition for both the Olympic and Paralympic Games will attract some of our top artists,” said POCOG President Lee Hee-beom. 
I look forward to seeing the entries and seeing the various ways in which people use art to express the Games.
To accompany the relay, a fun programme of events and activities will be staged each evening in the cities along the route. 
“The PyeongChang 2018 Olympic Torch Relay will inspire a generation and bring people together from different cultures, races, and religions,” promised POCOG President Lee Hee-beom. 
As the torchbearers carry the torch for 101 days, we are confident that the flame will truly ‘Let Everyone Shine’ and spark passion and excitement before the Games.
I hope that many people can be a part of the PyeongChang 2018 Olympic Torch Relay and create a lifelong memory.”
By the time the Olympic flame arrives in PyeongChang on 8 February2018, it is hoped that the programme will have directly engaged one million students nationwide. 
Students and teachers assisting with the winning entry will also be recognised for their efforts, and the top three entrants will also receive a scholarship to further their studies. 
Through our range of programmes and activities we believe we can reach millions of students and give them a special PyeongChang 2018 experience of their own. 
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho said "being good defensively is not a crime" as his side edged past Benfica in the Champions League.
The only goal of the game in Lisbon came courtesy of Marcus Rashford's long-range free-kick which caught out teenage goalkeeper Mile Svilar on his European debut.
Belgian Svilar, the competition's youngest goalkeeper at 18 years and 52 days, had a moment to forget when he carried Rashford's 35-yard free-kick from out wide over his own goalline.
Rashford gave United a cause for concern when he limped off with a knee injury in the second half and was replaced by Anthony Martial.
Up until the 63rd-minute goal, the visitors had largely been disappointing, pedestrian in their play and caused few problems for the Portuguese side.
Former Benfica midfielder Nemanja Matic forced Svilar into a low save and lashed an effort over the crossbar, as did the disappointing Henrikh Mkhitaryan from a promising position.
Although they made hard work of the result, United remain unbeaten in all competitions this season [apart from the Super Cup] and have nine clean sheets from 13 games.
But Mourinho's men improved after the break and took control of the contest, forcing the opposition to take hopeful shots outside the box.
Matic made the most passes (85) and tackles (4) plus more possession gained (14) than any other player on the pitch.
Mourinho, though, will be looking closely at an abject showing by Armenia winger Mkhitaryan, who lost the ball 21 times in the match.
His arrival came after previous number one Ederson joined Manchester City in the summer, and the similarities between the two are clear to see.
His first act in the match was to sprint outside the area and from his 36 touches on the ball in the match, 11 came outside the box.
He looked confident for much of the game, making saves off Matic, Martial and Rashford, but then made the error that handed United the goal.
The manager said to us to try and shoot and get some crosses towards their goalkeeper because he is young and playing in his first game," said Matic.
This Benfica side are not as good as the Benfica sides in years gone by but they were really dogged and determined.
Manchester United have won their opening three games to a Champions League campaign for the first time since 2012-13 under Sir Alex Ferguson.
Lukaku, though, had the fewest touches of any outfield United player to start the game (37), while he was also restricted to just one shot for the second game running.
Hazard scored in each half, heading in to level from Pedro's cross with 15 minutes to go to keep the Blues top of Group C.
The striker's first was a sensational volley, and Dzeko then combined with fellow former Manchester City man Kolarov to head in and put the visitors in front.
Dzeko failed to score against Chelsea during his time at Manchester CityBosnia-Herzegovina forward Dzeko never scored against Chelsea during his five seasons at Manchester City in the Premier League.
It was the sort of poor defending that characterised the game on both sides, and will worry Conte heading into Saturday's game against fourth-placed Watford.
Luiz may be a defender by trade, but the Brazil international took his goal with all the finesse of a 30-goal-a-season striker.
Above all in the first half we suffered, our performance was good but for sure our football is different than today.
The change of the system wasn't good, but when you are in a difficult situation, you have to change and sometimes to improvise.
David Luiz had a little problem in his calf, and in this moment, I can't risk my players. We are playing always the same players.
London 2012 Olympic gold medallist McKayla Maroney says she was sexually abused by former USA gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar from the age of 13.
Nassar is in prison awaiting trial in Michigan on multiple criminal sexual conduct charges and earlier this year admitted possessing child abuse images.
But she was inspired to go public with her claims on Wednesday by others speaking out in the wake of separate allegations against Hollywood film producer Harvey Weinstein.
Maroney won team gold as part of the USA gymnastics squad at the London 2012 Games, and took individual silver on the vault.
"I was molested by Dr Larry Nassar, the team doctor for the US women's national gymnastics team, and Olympic team," she wrote on Twitter.
It happened in London before my team and I won the gold medal, and it happened before I won my silver.
Hundreds of women and girls have also come forward to say they were sexually assaulted by him, according to the Indianapolis Star newspaper, which led an investigation into Nassar.
The doctor, who is in his fifties, spent almost three decades working with USA Gymnastics and was involved with the team at four Olympic Games.
USA Gymnastics said it admires the courage of those, like McKayla Maroney, who have come forward to share their personal experiences with sexual abuse.
Ospreys and Wales hooker Scott Baldwin says he could have lost his left hand after he was bitten by a lion while on tour in South Africa last month.
Baldwin suffered a serious infection after being bitten while stroking the lion at the Weltevrede Game Lodge, but is now nearing a return to playing.
"The bite went straight through the other side of the hand, but I was really lucky it didn't hit any tendons or ligaments."
The surgeon said it was like winning the lottery. He said it was the best possible outcome considering I had been bitten by a lion.
Lion bites Wales and Ospreys rugby player Baldwin was in South Africa with his Ospreys team-mates for a Pro14 match against the Cheetahs.
I turned away to give one of the boys my phone to take a picture, and the lion thought, "he's not looking now, I'll have a bite".
Baldwin, who coach Steve Tandy said had been "pretty stupid", says he may be ready to return as soon as Sunday's Champions Cup game at Saracens.
But that's my thought process. I don't know about the coaches and medical teams, but that's what I've got in my head.
Five years after his battle with depression began, Kirkland, now 36, tells BBC Sport how it affected him and his family.
They lost their husband and dad. Kirkland spent 17 seasons playing professional football, before announcing he was taking time away from the game in August 2016, shortly after joining Bury.
Andy Rhodes, the goalkeeping coach at Sheffield Wednesday, if it wasn't for him, I would have walked a long time ago.
I was playing, which made it a little bit easier because for 90 minutes, I managed to put it to one side.
I was ready to go upstairs and start the first day of pre-season and just thought "I can't do it any more".
If I leave after a certain time, I will hit the traffic and it could take me how long to get home.
I am glad they did because I had a fantastic three years there, playing wise, apart from what was going on off the pitch.
In November 2011, shortly before Kirkland started his own battle with depression, former Wales midfielder Gary Speed was found dead at his home at the age of 42.
I was driving up to York to say a final goodbye and he died when I was on the way up.
Seeing the way his family struggled with losing him made me wake up and realise that I didn't want my daughter and my wife to have to go through that.
It was nothing serious, I didn't need to be there, but we used it as an excuse to get me home.
I just rang one night crying my eyes out on the bed where we were staying saying 'I need to get home'.
They know they have a big, big problem in the game and they're doing their best now to sort it out.
Lionel Messi scored his 100th European goal as Barcelona made light of Gerard Pique's red card to brush aside Olympiakos in the Champions League.
The Argentine, 30, whipped a free-kick through goalkeeper Silvio Proto's gloves to score the hosts' second after Dimitris Nikolaou's own-goal opener.
The central defender instinctively bundled the ball into the Olympiakos goal with his forearm when Gerard Deulofeu's shot was parried into his path five yards out.
The result leaves Atletico third in Group C with two points, three points behind Roma and five behind leaders Chelsea, at the halfway stage of qualification for the knock-out phases."
FC Basel came away from CSKA Moscow with a 2-0 win thanks to goals from Taulant Xhaka and substitute Dimitri Oberlin.
Hayward collided with LeBron James in mid-air during the first quarter and landed awkwardly, with his left ankle turning at an angle.
Both sets of players were visibly upset by the injury to the 27-year-old before the Cavaliers went on to win 102-99.
"Hopefully we get a full recovery and it's a tough deal but I guess that's part of it, the risk of injury.
Celtics' new signing Kyrie Irving was booed during the game on his return to Cleveland, after he asked to leave the Cavaliers in the summer.
The Warriors thought they had won it with the final shot of the match, but replays showed the ball was still in Kevin Durant's hand when the buzzer sounded.
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw will miss the autumn Tests because of a fractured ankle, his club side Clermont Auvergne have announced.
Laidlaw is expected to be out for 10-12 weeks but should return in time for Scotland's Six Nations opener against Wales in Cardiff in February.
Either of Glasgow Warriors' scrum-half pair of Ali Price and Henry Pyrgos could deputise in the number nine jersey next month.
His club boss Wayne Pivac has expressed a fear that Wales prop Rob Evans could be out for a period that would include their 2017 autumn Tests."
At the moment, both the boys are failing those protocols so they can't go on to the next step if you like, to get closer to playing," he said.
Vettel and Ferrari's season has collapsed in spectacular fashion over the three Asian races in Singapore, Malaysia and Japan, and the team and driver have only themselves to blame.
The bad news for him is that, unlike Mexico City, the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, is not a track Mercedes especially fear.
They don't expect to dominate, but they feel they should at least be competitive - although if the weather remains as forecast at around 30C ambient, that might change.
It has a bit of everything and is a great place to watch racing, as well as a challenge for the drivers.
The track is excellent, the crowd is large, knowledgeable, warm and enthusiastic, and it is all held down the road from one of the most enjoyable cities in America.
Yes, just outside it there are Western stores and trailer parks, big skies and big horizons - and all that is wonderful in itself.
But the city itself is a little jewel - cosmopolitan, vibrant, atmospheric, packed full of restaurants and bars and with live music all over town.
The traffic can be pretty bad - but at least you can usually enjoy a glorious Texas sunset while you're sitting in it.
Take Masahiro Tanaka, whose seven brilliant innings Wednesday in Game 5 of the American League Championship Series thrust him into company that lives on mostly in boldface.
Their slugging percentage somehow approaches the same embarrassing nadir, Tanaka left them flaccid, much as he has the rest of his opponents during this stirring Yankees run.
The 49,647 at Yankee Stadium witnessed a third consecutive Yankees win – the second time they'd managed to rescue themselves from a two-games-to-none deficit this postseason.
Should the Yankees finish out the Astros as the series heads to Houston for Game 6 and possibly Game 7, they would add a 101-win pelt to their wall.
"Being down 0-2 to Cleveland and being able to come back probably helped us coming back being down 0-2," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said.
Tommy Kahnle followed Tanaka's two scoreless innings to finish the game, and the Astros' game-by-game hit total for the series now reads:
The Yankees will face Justin Verlander, whose complete-game, 13-strikeout gem in Game 2 put New York in this redemptive position in the first place.
NFL wants all players to stand for anthem, won't make them. The NFL's position after commissioner Roger Goodell's news conference Wednesday was clear:
Goodell had a news conference at the NFL's fall meetings that lasted about 20 minutes and almost every question was related to the anthem and player protests.
Goodell's main talking point was that the NFL also will listen to its players about social issues and wants to be a part of the solution.
"That's an important part of our policy, it's also an important part of our game that we all take great pride in.
It's also important for us to honor our flag and our country and we think our fans expect us to do that."
The best outcome for the NFL would be for the players to stop protesting without the league making a rule change.
But it appeared he wanted to make it a point that it's not as widespread of an issue as it is being made out to be.
New York Giants owner John Mara told the Daily News that the league has no plans to make a rule about standing for the anthem."
This is something, what we've tried to do is we've tried to deal with the underlying issue and understand what it is they're protesting and try to address that matter.
The important thing for us is to be able to do that and take that opportunity to make real differences in our community.
The NFL doesn't want to seem unsympathetic to the social issues they face, and that's why Goodell spent so much time talking about it Wednesday.
You hear every excuse in the world'Colin Kaepernick has likely ended any chance of playing in the NFL ever again by filing a grievance against the league.
The 53-year-old lasted only four months as permanent boss, following title winner Claudio Ranieri in being ruthlessly cut adrift by the club's owners.
They acted and were rewarded as Shakespeare, pulling together a squad many felt had stopped playing for Ranieri, took Leicester to safety.
It seems clear they feared Shakespeare may lead them into similarly dangerous territory so he has suffered the same fate as Ranieri.
The historic campaign was held up as the perfect model of how to fashion success in the modern game in terms of management, coaching and recruitment.
Leicester's title win was always going to be a dream season，but the dream team has fallen apart quicker than anyone could possibly have predicted.
It takes an almost impossible leap of the imagination to believe any Leicester manager will ever again achieve what Ranieri did.
As Conte watches the tape of Roma in preparation for Wednesday's game in the Champions League at Stamford Bridge, he will see another all-action midfielder in this mould.
After all, Conte went out of his way to sign him for Juventus and did everything possible to bring him to Chelsea.
Putting that figure into some perspective is the fact Nainggolan scored just 18 times in his previous 10 years of club football.
He tried something similar a decade ago with Simone Perrotta, who spent most of his career with Roma and won the World Cup with Italy in 2006.
Spalletti talked about Nainggolan as "the evolution of the species" in football and he wasn't referring to tattoos, mohawks and shaved eyebrows.
Nainggolan's name has been conspicuous by its absence from Belgium's past two squads and the decision has not gone down well with some supporters.
Banners were unfurled during the Cyprus World Cup qualifier last week saying "Martinez still not clever" and "Bring back the Ninja".
Nainggolan was late for a team meeting before a qualifier with Estonia "by 37 seconds" but "I'm not the only one," he told Het Nieuwsblad.
As for the parties in Ibiza and the nightclubs in Rome, Nainggolan isn't going to pretend to be someone he's not.
"I think you need to enjoy life when you can and let loose every now and again," Nainggolan told Rolling Stone.
If it affected his game, he wouldn't have played 90 minutes every week and performed to the standard he has for Roma over the past three and a half years.
Nainggolan could have lined up for Chelsea on Wednesday just as his old Roma team-mate Antonio Rudiger will at Stamford Bridge.
At Euro 2016, Nainggolan let us in on a secret that Belgium team-mates "Thibaut Courtois and Eden Hazard are trying to convince me to go to London with them".
Aged 15, he left Germinal Beerschot, the same club where Tottenham's Toby Alderweireld, Jan Vertonghen and Moussa Dembele first emerged, and joined Piacenza.
She died in 2010 and of all Nainggolan's tattoos the one he cherishes most are the angel wings on his back in memory of her.
As with brothers and sisters Christian and Louise Eriksen, and Manolo and Melania Gabbiadini, Riana has a football career of her own and was on the books of Res Roma.
"The other day before the game against Atletico Madrid," Nainggolan told Il Romanista, "Belgium team-mate Yannick Ferreira Carrasco asked me why I stayed."
Once the qualifying process begins, it is difficult to avoid viewing tour successes by Europeans through the prism of the Ryder Cup.
The Englishman's irresistible form leaves him destined to be among the side looking to regain the trophy in France, where he would be making his debut.
Frenchman Romain Wattel and Dane Lucas Bjerregaard - whose nationalities fit perfectly with the venue of the next match and Europe's skipper himself - have celebrated early wins.
It provides Europe's skipper with a strong early narrative as he meets his American counterpart Jim Furyk in Paris this week.
The not quite "Year to Go" gathering is little more than a publicity drive, but every little helps when you are trying to create a positive outlook.
For instance, in the build up to the 2008 match at Valhalla, there were several awkward news conferences involving Europe's captain Sir Nick Faldo.
In isolation, these events appear of little consequence and can hardly help or hinder a player trying to sink a putt in the heat of a Ryder Cup.
Faldo was never at ease with the role, culminating in his infamous and ham-fisted "sandwich list" news conference after his apparent pairings were photographed in the week of the match.
He should be too accomplished in the public arena to be caught out and have his leadership undermined as Faldo was.
Indeed, Bjorn knows from personal experience how qualifying for a Ryder Cup team on the strength of points gained early in the qualifying process can prove a problem.
Having put behind him a torrid summer when he missed cuts in seven out of eight tournaments, he has - at the very least - created the perfect platform.
"I'm a passionate person and I just try my best to win a golf tournament," he says of his sometimes questionable on-course demeanour.
It is why he will spend the next 10 months or so being asked about the prospect of making his debut in golf's biggest event.
British number one Johanna Konta has split from her coach Wim Fissette after less than a year together and will not play again this season.
The 26-year-old, who has a foot injury, did not qualify for this month's WTA Finals in Singapore and will not play in the WTA Elite Trophy the week after.
Konta linked up with Belgian Fissette before the 2017 season after parting company with Esteban Carril at the end of 2016.
She will continue to work with hitting partner Andrew Fitzpatrick, strength and conditioning specialist Gill Myburgh, physio Milly Mirkovic and mental coach Elena Sosa.
"I will be working with my team over the coming weeks to find the right way forward for me and my tennis," she said in a statement.
And while the merits of his collusion case remain up for debate, at least one player has no doubt about where he stands.
Hayward signed for the Celtics on a four-year, $128 million deal during the offseason after seven years with the Utah Jazz.
Hayward collided midair with LeBron James as he went for an alley-oop, and as he landed, his legs twisted beneath him.
Full recovery from a broken ankle can take some patients up to a year, the American Orthopaedic Foot & Ankle Society states.
Professional athletes tend to have better care and recover more quickly, but they do need to rebuild the muscle around the ankle before returning to full action.
Even when George returned to action, it took a while for him to recover the form he had shown prior to the injury.
Their team has really developed into a taekwondo family now and their goal Paralympic gold is just as important as ours Olympic gold.
Athletes must therefore focus on securing strikes with the foot to the body, which carry more points than in Olympic taekwondo.
You have to be fast, be first and it's absolute war out there, which I think is really exciting and people will love watching.
We score one point for a regular kick to the body, three points for a back kick to the body, then for a 180 degree spinning kick it's four points.
Should athletes then still be tied, the officials will award victory to the fighter who has demonstrated the greatest 'attacking play' during the contest.
Truesdale, the current +58kg world number one, is the leading medal contender, having claimed World Championship gold in 2014 as well as three European titles.
She was born without the lower part of her left arm, but has also achieved medal success in able-bodied events in the UK.
Everyone was bit surprised and shocked when it taekwondo was put into the Paralympics and it is pressure, but it's a massive opportunity, she told BBC Sport.
Men's heavyweight Matt Bush has a similar impairment to Truesdale, but jokingly tells many that he lost his left arm to a shark attack.
It was a freak accident from a normal tackle and I was unlucky, but I was back doing martial arts within three months.
He took up taekwondo at the age of 12 and after being injured playing football, joined the GB setup earlier this year.
Another to watch is 58kg fighter Katie Elay, who has only been training in taekwondo for a matter of months and makes her competitive debut in London.
I feel very lucky to be in this environment where I'm fighting with the very best in the world and can learn so much from their experiences, said Truesdale.
Knowing you have Olympians like Jade, Bianca, Mahama Cho and Lutalo Muhammad means there is so much experience and talent to feed off, he said.
They can sit back and watch them for a two-minute round and look at how they can adapt that themselves for Para-taekwondo, so there's huge value in being here.
GB Para fighters currently train at the GB Taekwondo academy in Manchester three days per week, but they hope more support will boost their programme further.
"We're out there proving ourselves on the world stage, but if they want the medals in Tokyo then we need the backing and funding to make it credible," GB fighter Bush told BBC Sport. 
"I'm targeting every gold along the way to the 2020 Games, but Tokyo gold is the end goal for all of us."
British sprinter James Ellington says he still experiences "a lot of pain", 10 months after the motorbike accident that nearly killed him.
Ellington suffered a fractured tibia, fibula and pelvis when he and training partner Nigel Levine were hit by a car in Tenerife in January.
He has since undergone three surgeries and spent time in a wheelchair.
"It's physically and mentally tough, because I'm used to being so active," the 32-year-old told BBC Sport.
But I'm definitely going in the right direction.
I'm not going to be satisfied until I know I'm a competing athlete again.
Ellington has surgery after crash. Ellington takes first steps after crash. "I've had stages where I've plateaued." Ellington cannot yet put enough pressure on his damaged leg in order to run as the bones are still not fused, but he is hopeful of being pain-free next month.
The Croydon Harrier became the first professional athlete to have a carbon-fibre rod - fixed with screws at the top and bottom of his shin - inserted in his leg.
The rod is strong, but not as stiff as most traditional metal implants, so it works more like a natural bone and is expected to speed up recovery.
Ellington has a 14-and-a-half-inch carbon fibre rod in his leg, which doctors hope will speed up the healing process. "Rehab is going as well as it could be, but I've had little stages where I've plateaued," said Ellington, who also has a metal plate in his pelvis that pulled it back together when it fractured.
I'm out of the pool now.
I've speeded things up and I'm trying to put a bit more force through my damaged leg.
My doctors are treating it like a general rehab for someone in an accident like mine and focusing on getting me to function properly, but their mind-set is also slowly switching over to the performance side of things.
"Watching the guys win was tough." In 2016, Ellington was second in the 100m at the British Championships with a wind-assisted time of 9.96 seconds,
and was also part of the 4x100m relay team that finished fifth in the Olympic final.
However, his injuries deprived him of the chance to compete at the World Championships in London in August, where his former team-mates won the 4x100m relay.
One minute I'm celebrating, the next I'm thinking "damn...that could have been me".
It was bittersweet because it's something I've been working for my whole life," said Ellington.
I want to be back on the track next year, training and maybe competing.
Knowing my potential is the only thing getting me through.
I definitely won't be going on a motorbike again.
Who will challenge the Golden State Warriors?
LeBron James (left) and Kevin Durant in last season's NBA finals.
Will it be four Cleveland-Golden State finals in a row?
Having a "big three" on the roster used to be the big ticket for a team to make a run at the NBA championship, but increasingly this is becoming a bare minimum.
Having three all-star quality players has helped the Boston Celtics, the Miami Heat and others to titles in recent years but now, in an effort to beat reigning champions the Golden State Warriors and their "big four", teams have used the off-season to trade for talent like never before.
And there is perhaps as much talent to trade as there has ever been.
The race to be the Most Valuable Player (MVP) last season was so strong the nominees did not even include legendary Cleveland Cavaliers player LeBron James, who is widely regarded as the world's best player.
Nor did it include the previous reigning two-time MVP Steph Curry, who plays for the champions.
Golden State already had a "big four", with Curry, Kevin Durant and sharpshooter Klay Thompson combining for an average of 72.7 points per game, fed by Draymond Green's 10.2 assists per game.
Although Cleveland have lost one of the league's best finishers, Kyrie Irving, to Boston, they got Isaiah Thomas back in the trade.
They have also picked up a couple of star veterans in Dwyane Wade and Derrick Rose.
As Wade is now 35, and Rose's initially stellar career has been blighted by several knee surgeries, the two may share the fourth-man spotlight.
Add that to LeBron's near triple-double every time he plays and Kevin Love's versatile 19 points and 11.1 rebounds,
and Cleveland might not miss Irving as much as they might have feared.
So, as the new season gets under way on Tuesday, could we be entering a new golden generation in the NBA, or will the rise of the super-teams see some fans suffer?
Cleveland's "big four" contains five players as Wade and Rose are tipped to share fourth place. "Expansion of the league will happen". Britain's Luol Deng, a forward with the LA Lakers, is returning for his 14th season.
Deng says it is difficult to compare eras but thinks there is definitely something golden about this generation.
I can't speak for the years of Michael Jordan or the people before.
"But I've never seen so many good players," he said.
The league has changed to include so many superstars and that's why I really believe an expansion of the league will happen one day, or more teams.
Not everyone is quite so optimistic.
Jordan, now owner of the Charlotte Hornets, believes the hectic summer trades have seen the talent condensing into fewer super-teams - leaving the rest struggling to compete.
"You're starting to see a little bit of it now, where the stars are starting to gang up and go on one team," Jordan - a celebrity cigar smoker - said in an interview for Cigar Aficionado magazine.
I think it's going to hurt the overall aspect of the league from a competitive standpoint.
You're going to have one or two teams that are going to be great and another 28 teams that are going to be garbage.
Or they're going to have a tough time surviving in the business environment.
That "ganging up" is a direct response to how good the Warriors are at the moment.
They have two former MVPs, a host of all-stars, two titles in the past three years and secured a league record number of victories in the 2015-16 regular season.
I think every team is trying to catch them up.
"Honestly, they are the best team right now," said Deng.
But, after all the trading places, who are their main challengers?
Six-time champion Michael Jordan - receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Chicago Bulls fan Barack Obama - has concerns about the NBA.
Golden State's only real rivals in this era of dominance have been the Cavaliers, who have been the Warriors' opponents in all three finals series and won in 2016, thanks in no small part to LeBron.
But they too have had to recruit in order to compete - and, crucially, LeBron is still there.
Thunder, who last season had to rely on MVP Russell Westbrook and his record-breaking triple-double season (averaging double figures in three categories - in his case points, assists and rebounds), have added all-stars Carmelo Anthony from the New York Knicks and Paul George from the Indiana Pacers.
The Houston Rockets have also strengthened - adding Chris Paul, possibly the league's best playmaker.
He joins James Harden, aka "The Beard", runner-up in last year's MVP voting.
In search of an 18th championship, the Boston Celtics have also added all-star talent in Gordon Hayward from Utah and Kyrie Irving, who left the Cavaliers in the Isaiah Thomas trade after scoring 25 points a game for Cleveland last season.
Gregg Popovich's San Antonio Spurs will always be contenders, and it will be interesting to see how the Minnesota Timberwolves' addition of Jimmy Butler will fare as he joins up with the young talent of Andrew Wiggins and Karl-Anthony Towns.
The rise of the super-teams?
When Boston and the LA Lakers were dominating in the 1980s, only five different teams appeared in the 10 NBA finals of that decade.
Although Jordan's Chicago Bulls won six of the next 10 finals, there were nine different finalists in that decade.
In the past 10 years, 10 teams have made repeat trips to the NBA finals, including repeat finals involving Golden State and Cleveland for the past three years, and San Antonio v Miami for the two years before that.
In the NBA regular season (before the finals start), the usual suspects in the past seven years have been:
LA Lakers fans will be hoping Ball can bring a little of Magic Johnson's showtime back to the team, because they have struggled in recent years.
Ball, who already has his own shoe brand, has a lot to live up to after his dad said he was better than Steph Curry, LeBron and Russell Westbrook.
The second NBA draft pick of the summer won multiple awards in his one season of college basketball.
And early pre-season performances from the 19-year-old point guard suggest he is good.
Lonzo Ball (left) came into the NBA in a blaze of publicity but early indications are promising for the Lakers rookie. The Philadelphia 76ers have struggled in recent years, and have been given the number one draft pick [which traditionally goes to one of the worst eight teams in the league] twice in a row.
The 2016 first choice out of college, Ben Simmons, missed the rest of that season with injury.
This year the 76ers have drafted in Fultz, who will link up with 7ft Cameroonian centre Joel Embiid, who is as charismatic as he is talented.
Could this be the first time that 76ers fans have reasons to be cheerful?
Fultz, who started playing at the age of three and entered this year's draft after just one year of college aged 19, says he models his game on Westbrook.
For years, British interest in the league has centred on Deng - and, briefly, Portland centre Joel Freeland - but he now has company in the form of Anunoby, who was born in London.
However, after moving away from the UK at an early age, Anunoby now considers Jefferson City in Missouri his hometown.
He was drafted by the Toronto Raptors and is a forward who is more at home on the defensive end.
Dwyane Wade won three titles with Miami but leaves Chicago for Cleveland without adding to that totalWhile LeBron leads the pack trying to defeat the Warriors on the court, he has been defending them in a different sense during the off-season.
He described Donald Trump as a "bum" after the US president withdrew the Golden State Warriors' traditional champions invitation to the White House, in response to Curry's statement that he did not want to attend.
Long runs logged on dreary winter mornings.
Running keeps moving me forward.
Runners rated how difficult the exercise felt.
Then they hopped on treadmills without speed displays.
Almost all chose a speed that was much slower.
But scientists are unsure why treadmill exercise feels harder.
Most people's biomechanics are the same.
The advantage would seem to reside with the treadmill.
Many studies show that people generally prefer outdoor workouts.
There are various experiments.
Treadmills typically provide a walk to nowhere
It may be demoralizing.
A study was published last year.
Volunteers covered the same distance.
One has an obvious finish line
The other has no clear finish line.
Volunteers focusing on no clear finish line felt more fatigued.
Let's talk for a moment about the Olympic style.
The Winter Olympics is full of judgy-judgy, interpretive sports.
Style counts everywhere.
How the weather has impacted what people are wearing.
How the weather has impacted what they are not wearing.
The other day a slopestyle skier skied in a T-shirt!
Hats are almost unnecessary, except at night.
Gloves are overkill.
Area cats don't need sweaters.
Boots still have some purpose in the mountains.
If only to trudge through the sunny mountain slush.
Some specific trends have emerged.
You have seen these jackets.
Lightweight puffer jackets have smaller puff compartments.
The best Lightweight puffer jackets can stuffed inside a backpack.
It's perfect for Sochi.
Nike has sewn the puffers for the U.S. team.
Nike also furnishes the slick puffer jackets for NBC.
NBC owe to the network's clandestine internal Starbucks in Sochi.
Hockey is the It Sport at these games.
Hockey got kicked with a supercharge on last Saturday.
This game somehow lived up to the comical pregame hype.
Hockey jerseys are oversized and not the slightest bit body-fitting.
There are some beautiful oldies in sight here in Russia.
The new wave has other real standouts:Russia,Latvia,Canada.
Russia's jerseys are old-fashioned, double-headed-eagled, spectacular.
Latvia's jerseys is rocking handsome crimson.
Canada's jerseys again keeps it simple, graceful, maple-leafed.
The best jerseys are probably Slovakia's.
A gimmick the Yankees should borrow.
On Saturday, the team went back to the old suits.
Same lackluster performance.
So was it the suits?
Tom Fordis probably goes to insist on cuff links, too.
Pants in ice dancing are high-waisted.
Henrik Harlaut is the Swedish freestyle skier.
'It's part of my style'.
Everybody loves a pant-based sport.
It's just a style truth.
your wife’s mother is your mother-in-law.
Your brother’s wife is your sister-in-law.
Your beers, sir, and your water.
You’ve got to haggle over the price.
You’ve been to China before, haven’t you?
You’re going to Shanghai, aren’t you?
You’ll need your credit card details.
You’ll find it in the drawer of your desk.
You’ll find it easily.
You’ll be busy when your mother-in-law is here.
You’ll also find instructions in your room.
You’d look good in that style.
You should wear a warm coat and a hat.
You should visit the Summer Palace.
You should try the Cantonese restaurant.
You should try and find something different.
You should take an aspirin and get some sleep.
You should see a doctor and get some medicine.
You should have a rest if you’re tired.
You should find somewhere with live music.
You should also try the Cantonese restaurant in your hotel.
You reassure your friends that you will be fine. 
You need to be at the airport before 10.
You need a password.
You must hate our traffic in Beijing.
You must come and see for yourself one day.
You might find some around Sanlitun, or Houhai or Haidan.
You mean she's also working while she's at university?
You don't sound very enthusiastic.
You don't hold the keys to my redemption.
You could win the Gold medal.
You can talk about someone’s job in various ways.
You can talk about booking something online.
You can offer to take a message.
You can listen to your favorite songs in English too.
You can have different reasons for recommending different shops.
You can have a check-up at the hospital. 
You can go on the internet in the Business Centre.
You can get some good bargains if you look around.
You can find interesting antiques in the market.
You can echo what your friend says.
You can do that in your hotel.
You can describe food positively in various ways.
You can connect to the internet in Starbucks.
You can check it on the website.
You can ask the hotel reception for a doctor.
You can ask and answer questions about telephone codes.
You can also describe exactly what you think is wrong
You can also describe different aspects of your work.
Yes, you need a password.
Yes, what can I do for you?
Yes, we’re having a great time.
Yes, we did, but it was a mistake.
Yes, tomorrow afternoon are free.
Yes, the food and the atmosphere were great.
Yes, that's true, but the meal was a bit pricey.
Yes, that should be no problem.
Yes, keep driving and just follow the signs.
Yes, it’s really good fun.
Yes, it’s much easier to do it online.
Yes, it’s changing fast.
Yes, it’s a much quicker way to do it.
Yes, it was good to see him.
Yes, I'm looking for some telephone numbers.
Yes, I’ve got meetings all day, all over Beijing.
Yes, I’ve been here a few times.
Yes, I was born there and went to university there.
Yes, I think you could win the Gold medal.
Yes, I think that's one of my favourites, too.
Yes, I think it’s easier to choose now.
Yes, but they will grow up soon.
Would you like to see the bill, sir?
Will you see your family and friends?
Will you be here for the Olympics?
Will I find it easily?
Why was it a mistake ?
Why don’t you check it online ?
Where’s the best place for you to meet?
Where would you like to go?
Where is the restaurant exactly?
Where is the railway station?
Where is the new Olympic Stadium being built?
Where is the business centre in the hotel? 
Where is it exactly ?
Where is Business Centre?
Where do I go from there?
Where did you go?
Where did you go before?  
When's your meeting next week?
When you gain relatives through marriage, they are called in-laws.
When will you go back to New York?
When making international calls, you need to know the code.
When does the performance begin?
When did you go to Guangzhou?
When did you come to Beijing?
When are they coming?
What's the start date of the Olympics?
What's the international code for the States?
What’s your plans for tomorrow?
What’s the best way to organize it?
What’s the best way to get to the Fragrant Hills?
What would you like to eat?
What work do you do in the States?
What will you do in the October holiday this year?
What time’s best for you?
What time would you like to come?
What time would you like to come ?
What time is your flight?
What places in China did you visit?
What other colours do you have?
What kind of things do you do?
What kind of rice would you like, sir？
What kind of job are you looking for?
What have you been doing?
What else should we order?
What does it say on your computer screen?
What do you think of Beijing?
What do you mean?
What do you do back in London?
What do you do back in London ?
What do I dial for an outside line?
What did you think of the restaurant?
What did you think of the Forbidden City?
What are your plans for the weekend?
What are your plans for the next few weeks?
What a great game!
Well, unlike you, I stayed at home.
Well, they can arrange that at Reception.
Well, the service was excellent.
Well, it's known for its modern cooking.
Well, I work for a magazine in Beijing.
Well, I need to get up very early.
Well, enjoy yourself till they come here.
We'll have time for a drink and a chat.
We’ve ordered some meat dishes, some soup and some fish.
We’ve got two children , a son and a daughter.
We’re staying in Shanghai for four nights.
We’re going for a trip to the Fragrant Hills tomorrow.
We’ll order some meat dishes, some vegetables, noodles and soup.
We’ll have lunch about 12 mid-day.
We’ll have lots to see and do.
We won’t stay out too late.
We will definitely order fish, because they have great fish here.
We went to a very nice restaurant in Houhai.
We went by train and the journey was really slow.
We have many more in different sizes, styles and colours.
We have bags and scarves over here.
We have a good team for the Olympics.
We had a lovely walk in Behai Park. 
We could try it this evening.
We could meet Saturday evening.
We could go for lunch on Saturday, if you’d like.
We can have dinner on the lake at Houhai.
We can go shopping in the new mall.
We can go for a walk around the lake
We can discuss everything over a coffee.
We can check dates and I'll just get my diary.
We can catch a taxi together to the party.
We also have them in other colours.
We accept all the major credit cards.
Was it a good restaurant?
Usually, hotel reception staff will be sympathetic and reassuring.
Tonight we’re going to eat Peking Duck.
Tomorrow will be a long day.
Today is a good day for a trip.
Those silk scarves are lovely.  
This shop is cheaper, you can save money here.
This looks the wrong size for me. 
They're staying for the whole of August.
They're leaving in early September around the 5th or 6th.
They’re in the northwest of Beijing, 
There’s one very near your hotel.
There’s one not far from here.
There’s no point in worrying about the weather. 
There’s great dance music in the nightclub.
There’s a shopping mall just along the street.
There’s a new exhibition at the art gallery.
There should be food, drinks and music.
There are some good clubs for music.
There are some fantastic players in China.
There are so many things on the menu.  
There are so many restaurants in Houhai.
There are a few things we must discuss.
Then we’ll go to the Great Wall.
Then we can fix up where and when to meet.
Then she's used to cold winters.
Then I can make my decision.
Then I can connect you.
The whole place is wi-fi broadband connected.
The weather looks good today.
The weather is getting better with the summer coming.
The vegetables were fresh, but the meat was tough.
The trip to Xi'an is on the 17th.
The swimming centre is there.
The Summer Palace is popular with visitors.
The subway system in New York is much better.
The service was too slow.
The rice is delicious, but the portions are quite small.
The participants march out, finally, an artistic performance begins.
The Olympics is in August, isn’t it?
The Olympic Stadium is north of the city centre.
The meal was a bit pricey.
The markets are much more interesting than the shops.
The journey was really slow.
The hotel would organize a guide.
The football websites are really good.
The food looks good here.
The follow are key phrases and sentences.
The flag bearers then form a semi-circle behind the rostrum.
The English menu should be easier for you.
The concert is on the 12th at 8p.m.
The concert is at 8 pm on the 23rd.
The code for the UK is zero zero four four.
The code for the UK is 00 44.
The Cantonese restaurant in the hotel is good.
That's very hot for athletes and visitors.
That's two plain steamed rice and one fried rice.
That's just before the Olympics.
That’s your individual password.
That’s what the TV weather forecast says.
That’s way too expensive for me.
That’s great, thanks.
That’s excellent！
That’s always a good night at the club.
That’s a good idea.
That would be really convenient. 
That was an incredible game.
That sounds interesting.
That sounds clear.
That sounds a great idea. 
That should be enough for a tip.
That coffee is yours, this one is mine.
Thanks for your help.
Thank you. And can I have a receipt, please?
Temperatures are a bit extreme there.
Take the second right.
Surely you’re not working too late.
Surely you have some time free.
Straight ahead at the lights, then turn right.
Sorry, I've got the wrong number.
Sorry to be late, everyone.
Soon they’ll both be at school.
Somewhere in Wangfujing Street would be good.
Sometimes, there's very little good to say about a restaurant.
Sometimes, someone calls you at an inconvenient time.
Sometimes it's pleasant to do very little.
Sometime this afternoon, if possible.
Some of the specialties might seem strange to you.
Some countries share the same codes.
So, we’ll go to the restaurant tonight?
So, it’s on the east side of the lake.
So, do I just dial one?
So you’ve only been here 5 or 6 days?
So you’ve got lots of time now for holidays!
So you would recommend spring or autumn.
So when are you back in the office?
So we'll meet on the 13th at 11a.m.
So we'll have a full hour before it begins.
So the slow train was OK?
So she can earn a little extra money?
Should we meet for something to eat before we go?
She's too busy studying and working.
She's not sure just now. 
She'll have time to see a bit of Beijing first.
She’s got two-weeks holiday, so about 13-14 days.
She’s a few years younger than me.
She works part-time as a waitress in a restaurant.
She works in a hospital.
She went to lots of places.
She saves money for her holidays.
She really loves her work, but it can be hard.
Shall we meet after work on Friday about 5?
Shall we go to the Panjiayuan market at the weekend?
Shall we go and see the new movie?
Shall I bring my laptop?
See you tomorrow then.
See you there tomorrow morning.
See you at 10 tomorrow.
See those traffic lights.
Remember how to book something.
Reassurance is very important when someone is unwell. 
Probably the easiest way is to take a taxi.
Polgar had never lost in 20 years.
Pizza is good, but I prefer noodles.  
Our flight is late afternoon.
Olympic Motto means faster, higher and stronger.
Olympic medals now feature the Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens.
OK, that sounds easy.
OK, I’ll try that.
Oh, sorry, yes, you do need a cable.
Oh, I’m retired now.
No, it’s quite near.
No, it’s not real leather, but it’s good quality.
No, I think it’s pretty cheap.
My wife is back in London.
My wife arrives on the 14th.
My wife and my mother-in-law are arriving next week.
My wife and my mother-in-law are arriving next week.
My sister came to China last year.
My job can be really exciting.
My friends are coming in late July.
My brother is five years older than me.
Monday afternoon is good for me.
Maybe the weather will get better soon.
Maybe not, but sometimes it’s really busy.
Maybe I’ll look for something cheaper.
Maybe I can translate some for you.
London is very good for cinemas and theatres.
London is excellent for museums and galleries, too.
Let's meet at quarter to seven this evening.
Let’s plan to go next Saturday night.
Let’s meet this evening at the restaurant. 
Let’s have a look at the menu. 
Let’s go to the cinema and see the new movie.
Let’s go early on Saturday morning.
Let’s go and visit the Summer Palace this weekend.
Let’s get tickets then before they are all sold out.
Let’s check out some of the bars around Houhai.
Let me try and listen to the accents.
Late afternoon would suit me. 
Last month, Lance boarded a plane for Denver.
Kids grow up quickly.
Just turn left and it’s straight ahead.
Just key in your room number.
Just go to the ticket office in the subway.
Just connect your computer to the telephone point.
Just connect your computer to the telephone point.
Just ask at the Reception Desk.
Judit is the strongest female player of all time.
I've booked your favourite room.
It's very easy to dial a wrong number.
It's usually freezing there in January and February.
It's too busy and too crowded for me. 
It's the eighth day of the eighth month, 2008.
It's been a perfect day for a walk today.
It's a really big city and the people are different.
It's a beautiful place.
It’s very near, only a ten-minute walk.
It’s usually between 25 and 30 degrees.
It’s too noisy and expensive and I’m too tired.
It’s the opening night of the new exhibition.
It’s that way.
It’s such a waste of time.
It’s so different from Beijing cuisine and Cantonese cuisine.
It’s so central and so peaceful.
It’s only ten minutes from your hotel by taxi.
It’s only about one minute walk from the bridge.
It’s on the south side of Changan Avenue. 
It’s on the second or third floor. 
It’s north of the city centre.
It’s next to the Korean restaurant.
It’s much quicker by taxi.
It’s much cheaper shopping in the market.
It’s long hours but I like my work.
It’s good to have time to take things easy.
It’s easy to find.
It’s easy from here.
It’s directly opposite the Xinhua Bookstore.
It’s directly opposite the Xinhua Bookstore, on the other side.
It’s been a long, hot busy day.
It’s always the same with big cities.
It’s about the fourth or fifth restaurant on your left.
It’s about 20 minutes in a taxi. 
It’s about 10 minutes in a taxi.
It’s a whole new area, especially for the Olympics.
It’s a really good restaurant here. 
It’s a really busy time at work just now. 
It’s a one-price ticket, either one stop or ten stops.
It’s a beautiful place to go for a walk.
It’ll save me so much time.
It would soften the lifetime ban from this star cyclist.
It won’t be difficult.
It will be exciting, with lots of interesting people.
It will be a good chance to see everybody again.
It was lovely walking round the lake.
It was an emotional start to the Olympics' Centennial.
It was a bit slow, I suppose.
It says turn left.
It says I need a password.
It is just a little work.  
It is in the shopping mall opposite the hotel. 
It doesn’t matter how far you are going.
It depends where you sit.
It depends on how much time you use.
It depends if the flight arrives on time.
It definitely improves my English.
It definitely improves my English.
It can be very busy at this time of year.
Is your job interesting ?
Is this the right direction?
Is there somewhere you can recommend?
Is there a good gallery for Chinese art?
Is there a good cinema near here?
Is that possible?
Is it near there?
Is it a long way?
In the supermarket, you pay at the check-out.
In summer it's cooler than here and cooler than Athens.
I'm very impressed with all the preparations for the Olympics.
I'm taking a month off for the Olympics.
I'm sure they'll be really successful.
I'm really looking forward to that concert. 
I'm going to show them around everywhere.
I'm going to apply for a new training course.
I'm back for meetings on the 28th and 29th.
I'll be here with my wife.
If you want pocket-sized, I recommend this one.
If you want a local number, please dial 9.
If you take a taxi, you’ll get there in time.
If you are late, you can catch a taxi.
If there are any problems, I’ll get back to you.
If the headache doesn’t go away, take an aspirin.
If I was you, I’d try the shops in Wangfujing.
I'd like to work in hotel management. 
I’ve sold them at markets before but it’s hard work.
I’ve ordered some nice vegetable dishes.
I’ve never eaten crab.
I’ve never been to Ritan Park before.
I’ve never been to Japan.
I’ve lived in Beijing for over five years.
I’ve just got to check my e-mail.
I’ve heard that Houhai was good for clubs.
I’ve heard so much about it.
I’ve got two nights off this week.
I’ve got to book my train ticket to Xi’an.
I’ve got the weekend off.
I’ve got that.
I’ve got relatives living abroad.
I’ve got one weekend off every month.
I’ve got lots of time for holidays now!
I’ve got lots of free time.
I’ve got a meeting tomorrow morning at ten thirty.
I’ve been living and working in Beijing for seven years.
I’ve been in Washington for 5 years.
I’ve also got cotton and lycra mix, if you want.
I’m trying to find a good Chinese medicine shop.
I’m tied up all day with work.
I’m sure you’ll find some good places to go.
I’m sure we’ll find some good places.
I’m sure my headache will clear with a good sleep.
I’m so tired that I could fall asleep right now.
I’m retired.
I’m not sure when I’ll finish. 
I’m not sure what I will do this weekend.
I’m not sure what I want.
I’m looking for a present for my friend.
I’m looking for a pharmacy.
I’m hungry so I could eat a lot.
I’m going to visit friends in Chongqing next week.
I’m going to go to Harbin for a week.
I’m going on holiday in October. 
I’m going back to Shanghai next week.
I’m glad if I can help you.
I’m free next weekend.
I’m checking out of the hotel at 12.
I’m a photographer.
I’m a basketball coach.
I’ll wait in the coffee shop for you.
I’ll wait for you just outside the shop. 
I’ll wait down in the lobby.
I’ll try and make it for 7 0’clock.
I’ll try and fix a dentist for you.
I’ll try and connect.
I’ll take you there and help you book your trip.
I’ll sleep on the bus when we go back.
I’ll see you tomorrow at the hotel.
I’ll see how I feel when I finish work.
I’ll pick you up outside the hotel at around 8.
I’ll pick you up at the hotel about 8.30.
I’ll look forward to that. 
I’ll keep Saturday night free and we can go then.
I’ll just wait for you in my room.
I’ll just be a few moments.
I’ll join you in 30 minutes. 
I’ll have an early breakfast then.
I’ll get one sent up to your room.
I’ll feel better tomorrow.
I’ll call up from the lobby when I arrive.
I’ll be tired by the evening.
I’d love to, but I have to see some friends.
I’d like to visit Chongqing myself one day.
I’d like to start my own business.
I’d like to hear some live music.
I’d like to go and see it.
I’d like to check out, please.
I’d like to buy a new watch.
I’d like to book a hairdressing appointment this afternoon, please.
I wouldn't recommend it at all.
I work in a restaurant at the weekends.
I work in a newspaper office.
I won’t finish work before 8 in the evening. 
I will go at the end of the month.
I will book the tickets online.
I was there last month.
I want to go home about 10.
I want to go back when it is quieter.
I want to get some toothpaste and some shaving cream.
I want to do something new, something different.
I want to check my e-mail.
I want to check mine too.
I visited Guangzhou five years ago.
I used to live in Seattle.
I use the internet a lot to study English.
I understand that.
I thought the staff was very friendly.
I thought the service was too slow.
I thought the match was really exciting.
I thought the match was really exciting.
I thought it was fantastic.
I think you’ll enjoy it. 
I think we will try that at the weekend.
I think they’re speaking lots of different languages.
I think the weekend will be cold and windy.
I think the traffic in New York is worse.
I think it’s one of my favourite restaurants in Beijing.
I think I'd like to get a new job.
I think I prefer it to other cuisines. 
I suppose it was quite expensive.
I stopped work five years ago.
I still can’t connect.
I recommend the roast duck.
I really like Mongolian hotpot.
I really appreciate your help.
I prefer seeing a movie at the cinema.
I prefer evening because it’s cooler.
I need to organize a driver for tomorrow.
I need to get up early tomorrow morning.
I need to check the train times.
I need an internet cable for my laptop.
I must try them.
I might be a little late, depending on the traffic.
I might be a little late, depending on the traffic.
I met my friend last Friday.
I may need your help later.
I like to keep up-to-date with the news.
I like the people I work with.
I like lots of different vegetables.
I just twisted it when I was walking.
I hope your wife likes cold weather.
I hope you’re enjoying Beijing.
I hope the weather is OK for you.
I hope China wins lots of gold medals.
I have to work on Sunday.
I have to check my e-mail.
I have to be up early the next day.
I have no idea you dislike it so much.
I have meetings all day today and Thursday and Friday.
I had dinner there a few days ago.  
I had dinner there a few days ago.
I had a nice lazy weekend.
I guess it’s a really popular destination nowadays.
I go online to check the websites.
I forgot you sometimes work at weekends.
I follow English football on the internet.
I don’t quite understand what they’re speaking.
I don’t know what the weather will be like.
I don’t know if it suits me.
I do know the little bridge.
I collected them this morning when the ticket-office opened.
I check out the football websites.
I can't make the 11th or the 12th.
I can’t wait for the weekend.
I can’t wait for Olympic to start.
I can’t wait for it to start.
I can take you to a traditional Chinese doctor.
I can do any time after 3 o'clock.
I can come with you and help you book it.
I bet that’s really interesting.
I appreciate it.
How would you like to pay?
How would you like to pay, Mr Smith?
How was your dinner last night? 
How was your day at the Summer Palace?
How long will you be in Shanghai?
How long is your wife staying?
How long have you lived in Beijing?
How long does it take to fly to Shanghai?
How long does it take by taxi?
How do I get to the Capital Museum from here?
How do I get to the airport ?
How do I get to Ritan Park?
How do I get there?
How do I do that ?
How do I connect my laptop in my room?
How did you enjoy your visit to Xi’an?
How can you say that?
How about your family ?
How about this one, instead of the dark red?
How about meeting in front of the Xinhua Bookstore? 
How about elsewhere in the hotel?
Hopefully, I can do everything online.
Hi, I hope you’re enjoying Beijing.
Here's the business directory.
Here they are, and these are forty-threes.
Hello, is that the Hairdressing Salon?
Hello, can I speak to Mr Li, please?
Hello, can I speak to Gao Yu, please?
Head east along Chang’ an Avenue.
He’s got an American accent.
He saw a doctor yesterday but he's no better.
He moved to Beijing in 2005 and still lives there.
He give your opinion about an exciting event.
He complained that he was being singled out for punishment.
He ask if someone has a favourite place.
He ask for someone on the telephone.
Have you tried the Thai restaurant in your hotel?
Have you thought about renting a shop?
Have you got a hat, or some sun screen?
Has she been to China?
Haidian could be a good area for clubs and bars.
Go straight ahead.
Go down Wangfujing.
Go down Wangfujing Street and take the second right.
Go all the way along Chang’ an Avenue.
Get on the Third Ring Road.
For example, you might order more boiled or fried rice.
Excuse me.Does the Hotel Business Centre arrange drivers?
Excuse me, is it possible to see a doctor?
Excuse me, can you help me, please?
Excuse me, can you help me please?
Everyday is different.
Eight is a very lucky number in China.
Do you want to see some others?
Do you want to buy some T-shirts?
Do you use the internet a lot?
Do you use English-language websites?
Do you think I’ll find it there?
Do you prefer Chinese cuisine?
Do you need a driver all day?
Do you like your work?
Do you know which floor?
Do you know where the Vietnamese restaurant is in Houhai?
Do you know when you want to fly to Shanghai?
Do you know the bridge?
Do you know that restaurant you told me about?
Do you know if it’s expensive?
Do you know a good shop for watches? 
Do you have brothers or sisters?
Do you have broadband access?
Do you have anything for a bad stomach?
Do you have any plans for today?
Do you have any evenings free?
Do you have a telephone directory in English?
Do you have a menu in English, please?
Do I need a special cable?
Do I need a cable or anything?
Did you take her round all the tourist sights?
Did you see that last goal?
Did you receive my e-mail ?
Did you go to Summer Palace last weekend?
Did you go out much?
Did you fly from the United States?
Chinese traditional medicine can be very helpful.
Chinese cuisine is great and Thai food is good too.
China is really popular these days.
Certainly, What’s your room number?
Can you put me through to Room 8216, please?
Can you help me?
Can you help me, please ?
Can you explain this to me, please?
Can you e-mail me the website addresses?
Can you call back in an hour?
Can we meet for lunch on Sunday?
Can we meet before 10 o’clock?
Can we have some more rice?
Can we get together on Monday?
Can I work with my laptop there?
Can I try on those shoes, please? 
Can I see the red and yellow ones?
Can I pay by credit card?
Can I make a phone call from here?
Can I look at your telephone directory?
Can I leave a message for Mr Li, please?
Can I help you, sir?
Can I have some rice, please?
Can I have a receipt, please?
Can I get broadband in my room?
Can I check in please?
Can I call abroad from this phone?
Can I book the tickets online?
Can I book an appointment?
Can I book an alarm call for tomorrow morning?
Can I book an alarm call for tomorrow morning, please
Can I book a massage at the Health Club ?
Can I also see those red shoes, please?
Can I also see that sweater, please?
Call me this evening when you arrive at the hotel.
Call me if you are running late.
But you’re not from Washington.
But you should put something on your head.
But we could meet late afternoon or early evening.
But the food was absolutely delicious.
But maybe they have a menu in English.
But it would be good to look at the antiques.
But I’m not so sure about the colour.
But I’m lucky compared to most people.
But I’m going to stay for a month.
But I’m also looking forward to returning to Beijing.
Both my father and mother were born in London.
Both means two and can be used in many ways.
Believe me, we get some very bad traffic jams.
Being hot, crowded or busy can spoil a visit.
Beijing is popular with the Olympics coming.
Beijing is going to be so exciting during the Olympics.
Beijing has been really cold this week.
Beijing has a lot of character.
Before I came to Beijing, I worked in Shanghai.
Basketball is really popular in China.
Are you looking forward to the Olympics?
Are you going to the concert next weekend?
Are you free tomorrow?
Are you free to meet tomorrow tonight?
Are you enjoying your holiday in Beijing?
Are you coming on Friday evening to the art gallery?
And there are many flights every day, aren’t there? 
And then I should find it easily?
And the north wind makes the weather even colder.
And the clerk will offer to take a message.
And the atmosphere was great.
And summer is extremely hot and dusty.
And she wants to see everything.
And she prefers cold weather to hot. 
And I have a big meeting early next week.
All you need is your laptop.
All rooms have broadband.
Alarm call for Room 8216 at 5.15 tomorrow morning.
After that, well go and visit some markets.
About an hour, but it depends on the traffic.
About 5.15 would be fine for the alarm call.
A good sleep is the best thing for a headache.
5.15 is booked for your alarm call.
4,500 yuan is a lot of money for a camera.
But if you are not tired we can still meet.
It undermines all we stand for.
It endangers the health of athletes.
It is therefore a public health problem.
We established a Medical Commission in 1967.
All these measures were adopted by the Olympic Movement.
This led to the creation of WADA.
But it is by no means sufficient.
Many governments have passed anti-doping legislation.
It will shape the next phase of our fight.
The design embodies the essence of Chinese culture and tradition.
Historical interpretations differ slightly.
However, it will remain to be quite a long process.
It's concluded that people shall enjoy the right of differences.
Rivals tell another story.
Ronaldo of Brazil arrived for C45 million.
Australians have always loved sport, and excelled at it.
Going to sports events is also a popular pastime.
We are progressing towards achieving this aim.
We hereby express our delight and congratulations.
1.Elite Training Grant (ETG)
2.Sports Aid Grant (SAG)
The SADG is provided to elite athletes with disability.
Knowledge is power.
There are a great many good exercises.
They are helpful and healthful.
Many of them may be taken indoors during rainy weather.
But what shall we play?
The judges and officials also take an oath.
The competitions begin the next day.
The United States is a sports-loving nation.
Sports in America take a variety of forms:
and hunting and fishing.
Baseball is the most popular sport in the US.
Football is the most popular sport in the fall.
Other spectator sports include wrestling, boxing, and horse racing.
Gambling is the attraction of horse racing.
The range of Elite Sports includes:
athletic games, played for recreation anywhere sufficient space is found;
and hunting and Hshing.
No matter what mom said, it's never just a game.
Football is about ego, respect, national pride.
"Great Republic of Korea."
1-3 Score one for Korean pride.
It needn't have fretted.
But for once, the Koreans felt no twinge of insecurity.
"We can celebrate together."
For the Koreans, victory has brought maturity.
The Olympic Creed reads:
Tickets will be sold on a first-come, first-served basis.
We wanted fried fish, but they gave us boiled.
Thales thought water was the beginning of everything;Anaximenes, air;Heraclitus, fire.
He has become an oil baron - all by himself.
Invention is the Talent of Youth, and Judgement of Age.
Walking gives us back our senses.
Tugboats chug past, shoving and hauling their variously laden barges;
on a shrouded morning, foghorns hoot and moan.
They are each held every four years.
Women first competed in 1912.
In 1924 the Winter Olympics were instituted at Chamonix, France.
K-POP ARTIST TAEYANG NAMED PYEONGCHANG 2018 AMBASSADOR.
The activities were a huge success with the participants. 
PYEONGCHANG CROSSES OFF MAJOR MILESTONE WITH IBC HANDOVER.
KOREAN SOPRANO SUMI JO JOINS PYEONGCHANG AS AN AMBASSADOR.
CURLING MIXED DOUBLES: FASTER AND MORE FUN!
It is played over eight ends instead of ten. 
The games are much faster. 
It’s a much more physical game. 
“I think our dreams came true,” said Rios. 
OFFICIAL POSTER COMPETITIONS FOR PYEONGCHANG 2018 LAUNCHED.
PLANS UNVEILED FOR PYEONGCHANG 2018 OLYMPIC TORCH RELAY.
For further information, please visit the PyeongChang 2018 website.
PYEONGCHANG 2018 CURRICULUM AIMS TO EXCITE, INFORM AND ENGAGE STUDENTS.
To be good defensively is one step to get results.
Without any pressure, we knew the goal would arrive."
He risks a lot, but only top keepers do that.
He was unlucky for the goal."
Professional job done.
A really good away performance.
They've dominated the second half.
It was fair.
It was a difficult game against a good team.
"It didn't end until I left the sport," she added.
He has denied the abuse claims.
The next day, it started tracking up my arm.
How can you leave them?
It had gone too far.
It was just.
I wasn't there for Lucy or Leeona.
She is great.
I knew I had to do something.
My wife was a rock.
You are not thinking rationally.
You are not really thinking.
You are just in a dark cloud.
Everything just goes by you.
You are dismissive of everything.
You don't want to go out.
You try to stay in.
I put my phone on silent.
I didn't call people back.
I didn't reply to texts.
Normal life just wasn't there anymore for me.
I never wanted to leave Wigan.
I loved it there, loved the club.
It is local to me as well.
I have always been a home person.
My family lived in Leicester. Leeona's family lived in Scotland.
We have always been together.
You get through it.
I really started struggling during those three years.
In the end, I had to leave.
I was going to sign again.
I was going to sign for another year.
They wanted me to stay.
I was in my training kit.
I was in the gym.
I didn't tell them.
I just knew it was the right thing to do.
I just wanted to get home at that point.
That is unfortunately the way it went.
I didn't want to do anything.
I wanted to shut myself off.
My head was just.
I couldn't think straight.
It was just a vicious circle.
It all escalated.
But you are not thinking straight.
You are not being rational.
Everything is blown up.
You just start overthinking everything.
Sheffield Wednesday were unbelievable.
They came up with a routine.
I went back pre-season and I was going to walk.
I told them I had a family issue.
How far was I from where Gary Speed was?
How was he feeling?
I never attempted anything, it never got to that.
But waking up was not good.
We had been on holiday with them before.
We went to America.
It was about 2012.
The families were close knit.
We lost him.
But it was too late.
I just had to get home.
My wife had a hospital appointment.
The manager Dave Flitcroft and Bury were brilliant.
The club were fantastic.
They gave me a couple of weeks.
I wasn't bothered.
I didn't even try, I was that low.
I need help.
Now things are good.
You have got to speak, you have got to talk.
But you have to talk.
It is not just sportspeople, it is people in general.
I have seen how it leads to that.
Make sure you talk.
Enough wasn't being done before, no.
The PFA have admitted that.
Absolutely, yes.
It needed that something to click in.
You are not living.
Ronaldo has 112 goals in 151 games in continental competition.
Messi's century has arrived in 122 games.
I'm feeling good and the side too."
Is this a golden generation in the NBA?
Celtics head coach Brad Stevens said.
I really feel for him."
Hamilton was a weird team-mate.
Vettel will not give up on title.
As a package, the weekend is difficult to beat.
It's not perfect, of course.
For his career entering the game, Keuchel boasted a 1.
09 ERA against the Yankees.
They still haven't.
six, five, four, three, four.
The second best?
4 2/3 innings, seven hits, four runs."
Keuchel doesn't lay very many eggs," Girardi said.
"He doesn't.
So when he makes a mistake, you'd better take advantage."
The Yankees made sure to.
We believe everyone should stand for the anthem," Goodell said.
That's what we'd like to do.
We believe our players should stand for the national anthem.
"I think we also have to keep focus on this:
Because this is a long-term issue."
Total disrespect for our great country!
Goodell is in a tight spot.
A lot of fans aren't happy with the ongoing protests.
"We're not looking to get into politics.
That's impossible at this point.
Politics is squarely involved with the NFL, through this issue.
I can't deal with hypotheticals right now," Goodell said.
"We'll deal with those issues if they come up."
Richard Sherman on Colin Kaepernick's unsigned status:
Ranieri was the manager, Shakespeare merely his sidekick.
"I can't believe my players killed me."
Maybe it was someone behind me.
He had seen the warning signs at very close quarters.
And now he has paid the same price as Ranieri.
That's the skill.
We have a DNA.
A poisoned chalice and destined to fail?
Perhaps he was fighting against odds he could never overcome.
Leicester's owners may be ruthless but they are also realistic.
And Shakespeare is the latest to feel that cold reality.
Or so Shakespeare thought.
"We have to eat grass."
It's the starting point at every club he goes to.
Just look at the title of Conte's biography.
"Head, Heart and Legs."
It's a player to whom he needs no introduction.
His efforts were in vain.
How much is he worth?
But as Nainggolan explained to Il Romanista.
I'm not a trequartista.
The players who tend to play there are like Ronaldinho.
But with Nainggolan the results were even more spectacular.
"He can do everything," Spalletti said.
"It's happened with other players."
He is careful about picking his moments.
Nainggolan believes Martinez is guilty of double standards.
And you have to play in a major league.
Martinez can get away with it for two reasons:
But Italy has become Nainggolan's second home.
"I was under-appreciated in Belgium," Nainggolan claimed.
Nainggolan's life has been far from easy.
He comes from a tough council estate in Antwerp.
It was for Riana, too.
"Because I have everything," I replied.
The club want to get better.
I want to win.
It's a club with great tradition.
We're the capital of Italy.
It can't go without winning for so long.
I'm sure it'll happen soon.
It is like Francesco Totti used to say:
"I'm certainly no different from that."
However, they do set a tone.
A captain's authority is important and it can affect outcomes.
You know, occasionally that spills over, and I'm human.
I'm going to make mistakes from time to time.
That process alone will test his temperament.
She added:
You hear every excuse in the world, Sherman said.
There are quarterbacks that are bad in every system.
And so what?
No, Sherman said.
How Long Will Gordon Hayward Be Out For?
My thoughts and prayers go out to Gordon's family.
It's just very unfortunate.
But he did, and excelled further.
I was invincible.
The pain was tough.
Everything just slowed down.
Like, I could hear every individual in the arena talking.
How does Para-taekwondo work?
Are GB any good?
How would funding help?
A Winnipeg Jets draft pick born in Vancouver, Yuen became the first Chinese player to score in a league game.
According to the official summary, the game attracted 721 spectators in a building that fits up to 5,000. 
The small numbers and the fans’ attitude create an unusual atmosphere.
One of the interesting things at our home games is the way the Chinese people behave. 
Unlike Yuen, the four other Chinese players were born in China. 
Players have been told that the team will return to Beijing in mid-December. 
In the meantime, players and coaches are living at a Marriott hotel in Shanghai.
Other logistical hurdles have at times made the transition difficult. 
Certain players’ personalized equipment, some of which was manufactured in China, still has not arrived.
Khabarovsk and Vladivostok eastern Russian cities are near the Chinese border.
The travel days to and from China typically last at least 10 hours. 
Restrictions also require that team flights depart or arrive between 2 a.m. and 4 a.m.
Ponikarovsky was quick to point out that visiting teams must endure the same marathon travel before arriving in China. 
It takes a little toll on your body, but there’s nothing you can do.
As of Monday, Kunlun had won 12 of 25 games and occupied a playoff spot. 
By returning to Beijing in time for a late-season playoff push, the team could move closer to its ultimate goal.
The goal of the team is to grow the game in China.
N.H.L. clubs includes the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Boston Bruins and the Montreal Canadiens.
The clubs have sent delegations in an effort to expand their global reach.
Just 15 months before Pyeongchang, South Korea, hosts the 2018 Games.
The players and coaches who uprooted their lives could ultimately help establish a new Asian hockey market.
Crowds are still not too big but they become more and more passionate at each game. 
For the moment, Chinese simply don’t know our sport so our main goal is to introduce hockey to them. 
The mystery of the Chinese Paralympic champion in the New York City Marathon took a while to unravel.
The champion, Zou Lihong, was supposed to re-enact a great showdown from the Rio Games.
She beat the favored American, Tatyana McFadden, by a hair in the wheelchair marathon.
When McFadden crossed the Central Park finish line as the champion on Sunday, she hadn’t seen Zou for miles. 
Questions to a race official yielded no clue as to what had happened.
Where did Zou end her first competition in the United States?
In Brooklyn, she halted by a flat tire near Mile 13, upset.
There is a software engineer, a marketing representative and a young New York City police officer.
They would not be able to get Zou back onto the course. 
Typically racers carry a spare tire, but Zou had only materials to patch, not replace.
Salvaging the day, emotionally if not competitively, would require other tools. 
To vault the language barrier, Zou would have to talk with her new companions through a translation app. 
She tapped Chinese characters onto one of their smartphones, and an unexpected conversation began.
Cecilia Daley had volunteered to be one of the bicycling escorts.
She protected them from errant pedestrians and whatever else might stray into their path. 
24-year-old Krystopher Valentin just arrived at the Police Department for more than a year.
He had contacted the race’s emergency crew to help Zou return to Manhattan. 
He and another escort cyclist, explained what Zou could expect by typing into the translation app.
She said no at first, but he saw her lips trembling and asked again. 
He gave her his jacket, bearing shield No. 6350, and it swallowed her petite frame. 
In the middle of a crosswalk, the officer leaned in for a picture, resting his right arm behind her chair.
They talked for about 25 minutes through the translation app before the emergency car arrived. 
She contracted polio as a child and lost the use of a leg. 
In China, having a disability is considered shameful, but sport shows it’s not.
It has given her more confidence, even as she remains in awe of McFadden. 
An invitation to the New York City Marathon soon followed Zou’s Rio win.
She became the first Chinese woman in the city’s wheelchair event.
None of the top contenders quite knew what to expect from Zou on Sunday. 
They had never faced her in a race with so many inclines. 
The first mile, the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, is the longest and steepest hill on the course. 
The volunteer cyclists enter the race as the wheelchair competitors descend from the Verrazano-Narrows. 
They can jump into action like a pit crew to assist with a flat tire. 
Zou began the day with a flat, but ended it with a New York moment. 
They shared the photo of Zou and Officer Valentin, making a big city feel a little smaller.
As Zou left Brooklyn in the van, her support group still didn’t know about the gold medal. 
On Sunday night, Zou returned to her hotel on Sixth Avenue.
She took an overstuffed shopping bag imprinted with an ad from the new movie "Trolls". 
Zhang Wei, China’s top-earning online novelist, is not modest about his success. 
In 2015, Mr. Zhang, better known by his pen name, Tang Jia San Shao, earned 110 million renminbi. 
Much of his fortune was made from selling his so-called IPs. 
IP refers to intellectual properties or original content that is often adapted into movies, television shows and games. 
Mr. Zhang’s earnings would put him on par with best-selling authors like Stephen King and George R. R. Martin.
It is the story of a martial artist who tumbles into an eerie new world called Duoluo Dalu. 
The story is being turned into a movie, a television show and a video game. 
In the interview, Mr. Zhang talked about the difference between online literature and traditional publishing.
The advantage of an established fan base for lucrative spinoffs and his dream of creating a Disney-style empire.
I first started writing in February 2004, when I was 23. 
I was working as a website engineer at the time. 
I wanted to write a fantasy novel about magic and light. 
There weren’t many novels at the time that talked about this theme. 
Online literature was still in its early stage of development. 
Most people who were writing online back then were writing for fun. 
But a lot of writers didn’t finish their novels, so it was difficult to follow the stories. 
As a reader, I didn’t like reading these incomplete novels. 
So when I started to write, I updated my stories every day. 
That way, I made sure that my readers could get something new every day.
When I started, I could only write 2,000 to 3,000 characters a day. 
Now I typically write about 7,000 to 8,000 characters a day. 
On my most productive days, I can write 15,000 to 16,000 characters.
What are the main differences between online literature and traditional publishing?
With online literature, you can publish your installments as soon as you finish them.
This is the biggest difference between online literature and traditional publishing. 
It’s not like writing a book, where you have to write all the chapters before you publish. 
Do you take into account feedback from your readers when you’re writing?
Their feedback doesn’t change my content because I plan my novels before I write them. 
Usually, by the time they read the latest installment, I’m already working on future ones.
Why do you think some readers favor online novels over print books?
There’s a feeling of excitement when you read daily updates. 
Also online literature is really a form of popular literature. 
Usually it costs just a few cents to read a thousand words.
Whatever we write, we have to adhere to the relevant laws and regulations.
The big IPs come with millions of readers, so they offer a built-in fan base.
IPs can also be made into series, which makes the content more cohesive. 
You can maximize your profit from the IP, and it also amplifies the IP’s overall influence.
The income from subscribers to online literature makes up only about 2 to 3 percent of my total income. 
Most of my income comes from the print publication of my books and IP products.
How does online literature differ in China and the United States?
IP and content production will play a more dominant role in the industry. 
For example, I am currently looking for a powerful partner to develop all of my IPs.
When one format, like a movie or a TV series, becomes popular, the other formats will also become popular.
My goal is to make a big franchise like Disney. 
Disney has a lot of characters whose popularity is reinforced through movies and cartoons.
What do you see as the key to success in the industry?
A lot of people ask me how I've become so successful in the industry. 
I only do one thing, which is to give my readers new work every day. 
I’ve done this every day for the last 12 years. 
As far as I know, nobody is as good as I am. 
I haven’t been writing all this time because of the money. 
At that time Jeremy Lin, playing at the time for the Knicks, became a household name in a blinding.
Jeremy Lin is a Taiwanese-American point guard from Palo Alto, Calif.
I was covering spring training baseball in Port St. Lucie, Fla., that month for The New York Times.
One afternoon, I drove to a public basketball court to find a game.
I was right: Weeks later, back home in Manhattan, I held the door open for a man at a bank.
An absence of reference points for Asian identity in popular culture has helped create a perpetual stream of hackneyed encounters.
During a talk at the New Yorker festival this month, Lin recalled as follows.
As a little-known high school basketball player he dreaded the moments before games.
He knew he’d hear those familiar taunts from people in the stands: “Yao Ming, Yao Ming.”
Nicknames on a court, of course, can be wielded with affection or respect.
As Ren Hsieh pointed out, the intent of words is usually pretty clear.
If you call me Yao Ming, I know what you’re saying.
Ren Hsieh is the Taiwanese-American commissioner of the Dynasty League, a recreational basketball organization in Chinatown.
Even now, to this day, you go to N.B.A. arenas, guys will say racist things.
Jeremy Lin is a good player, but we don’t like being called that.
Eddie Huang, the Taiwanese-American chef, writer, and television host, recalled an interaction three years ago, on St. Patrick’s Day.
Along with whatever euphoria Lin’s unexpected success engendered among Asians, we remember a thing, too.
His name was added to the shortlist of famous Asian people invoked in racist taunts.
It was an uncomfortable evidence again of the dearth of Asian representation in media and popular culture.
I started covering the N.B.A. for this newspaper a year and a half after Linsanity
It took precisely three games for a stranger at an arena to call me Jeremy Lin.
I was leaving the visitors’ locker room that night in Orlando, where the Magic had just hosted the Nets.
A second or two later, there it was: “It’s Jeremy Lin!” someone yelled, making the crowd laugh.
A few weeks later, I walked into the Nets’ locker room in Houston as they dressed to play the Rockets.
Seeing me, one Nets player could not resist: “I thought Jeremy Lin was out tonight”.
It will serve always as a barefaced reminder of the extent to which we remain alien in people’s minds.
You don’t lash out because do you really want to spend your days lashing out?
Real estate has its merits, especially if your wealth needs a safer venue than home.
Increasingly, however, folks with stashes to torch seem to enjoy acquiring more interesting baubles, like European professional soccer teams.
Especially English ones, have become almost as popular as yachts for higher-end buyers.
What's intriguing about this investment strategy is that it isn't just for show.
Many of the people plowing cash into the beautiful game are also making some serious dough.
Major League Baseball offers 162 games that feel more retro every year in our Twitter-addled world.
The NBA ambles along in hot spots like Oklahoma City and Memphis.
Nascar's bid to break out of the South hasn't panned out as initially hoped.
In that landscape, higher-end investors seem to think the next big American sports story will be European professional soccer.
New stadiums, off-season money-spinning tours, bigger television contracts and many more marketing and sponsorship tie-ins.
Manchester United, was the most popular club in the English Premier League.
It has an 'official savoury snack'-Mister Potato-not to mention official wine, beer and spirit partners.
Other big teams have quickly aped Man U's approach, increasing the value of their teams.
The Glazer family acquired Manchester United in 2005 for roughly $1.3 billion at today's exchange rates.
They did it the American way, loading up the firm with tons of debt.
The Glazers have taken a lot of criticism for the amount of debt they've put on the club.
United has a market value of $2.8 billion, or more than double what the Glazers paid for the club.
The Glazers blazed a trail that others followed, including Randy Lerner, Stan Kroenke and John Henry.
Indeed, many of the American owners, like the Glazers and Henry, also own American sports teams.
The Ricketts family, owner of the Chicago Cubs, is part owner of Derby County.
Derby County is a team in a league just below the Premier league.
It's not just Americans who see the riches in English football.
It underscored one of the unusual aspects of European sport: relegation.
Teams that fall out of the top flight can lose tens of millions of dollars in annual television fees.
Those fat TV fees are likely to rise, especially as more Americans get up early to watch English football.
Those getting into the game don't see a small viewership-they see an upside.
Ni Xialian helped the Chinese team win a gold medal at the world championships of table tennis in 1983. 
Ni Xialian was a 7-year-old schoolgirl in Shanghai when she first fell in love with the game. 
In a sport that rewards the skill of subtle anticipation, Ni Xialian's unconventional move 25 years ago has proved prescient.
Back then, there was only a trickling migration of players from China to certain countries in Europe. 
Today it has produced a full-fledged, far-flung diaspora of athletes on six continents. 
At the Summer Olympics here, Chinese-born table tennis players represented China, of course. 
But of the 56 participating countries, 21 other countries also sent Chinese-born athletes to the competition.
Of the 172 table tennis players at the Games, at least 44 were born in China.
Many sports at the Olympics feature athletes who were born outside the country they represent. 
The United States, for example, has dozens of athletes born outside the country, across more than 20 sports.
About a third of its participants this summer were born outside the nation they are representing.
But considered together, the list of Chinese-born table tennis players highlights the huge scope of China’s influence in the sport.
The list of Chinese-born table tennis players illustrates its perhaps most pressing question.
Thomas Weikert is the president of the International Table Tennis Federation, the sport’s governing body.
“It’s not a problem,” Thomas Weikert said last week in an interview. “It’s an issue.”
Ding Ning of China beat Li Xiaoxia of China to win the gold medal in the women’s singles tournament.
Ma Long of China defeated Zhang Jike of China to win the men’s competition.
On Tuesday, the Chinese women won gold in the team competition.
The Chinese men are expected to do the same on Wednesday.
since table tennis was added to the Olympics in 1988. 
China has now won 27 of the 31 gold medals awarded in all competitions. 
Eight years ago in Beijing, China won the gold, silver and bronze medals in both men’s and women’s singles.
In 2012, after a new rule was instituted limiting singles competitions to two players from each nation. 
Under the new rules of 2012, China continues to win the gold and silver medals in men's and women's singles.
China’s dominance and the popularity of the sport in China have created One byproduct.  
A large number of athletes, though competent, are not quite good enough to play in the national program.
After perfected over many decades, China has formed such a system.
Provincial clubs draw players from city teams before sending their best to the national program.
Only the best 50 men and best 50 women reach the top.
“There was too much competition,” said Ni Xialian, “I didn’t have the courage anymore.”
China has implemented economic reforms in 1978 and loosened the rules for overseas movement and work.
Before the 1988 Olympics, Massimo Costantini was playing for Italy in the European qualifying tournament and encountered Ding Yi.
Now Massimo Costantini is the coach of the United States team.
Ding Yi was playing for Austria in the European qualifying tournament who had moved from China to Austria.
Costantini remembered the other players, coaches and fans feeling bewildered about what had happened.
“We were shocked, actually, to be playing against someone Chinese,” said Costantini.
Costantini was later added to the Olympics as a wild-card entrant.
Ding played in four Olympics for Austria, and the trend only grew.
At the same time, Eugene Wang had this invitation and went for it.
Eugene Wang was offered a spot on the Canadian team shortly before the 2012 Games.
Marcos Madrid was asked how players felt about the spread of Chinese players worldwide. 
“It’s complicated,” Madrid said, echoing the sentiments of many players in the game.
Everyone acknowledges how far ahead China remains in terms of training and skill. 
The thinking for many national federations, then, has been that having such skilled players and coaches.
Many national federations gave skilled players and coaches a chance to win competitions in the short term.
Skilled players and coaches will raise the skill levels of a country’s other players.
“I know in my mind I need to practice more because they are there,” Madrid said.
In most parts of the world, there are simply not enough good players to measure oneself against. 
Chinese players often double as coaches and valuable sparring partners for players in their adopted countries.
When Ni Xialian was asked to come to Luxembourg, it was mostly to coach. 
“I feel that it’s great that they can help other players improve,” said Ma.
At the same time, many players become irked when the spirit of competition seems to be undermined.
Players notice when recently transferred athletes appear interested only in furthering their own careers.
They fail to exceed some ambiguous threshold of enthusiasm about their new homes.
Such judgments ― if they have a purpose ― seem hard to make. 
Some players, for example, move when they are young and thus develop easy, deep ties to their new countries.
Gui Lin moved from China to Brazil at age 12 on an exchange program.
to be born in one country but grow up in another one, is a really unique experience.
On the other end of the spectrum are the many players like Li Ping, 30.
Li Ping left the Chinese national team only last year to compete for Qatar.
Li Ping don’t think it’s important which country you’re representing. 
Li Ping was ranked 28th in the world before the Olympics.
The important thing is to be able to participate in the Olympics and demonstrate your abilities on the competition grounds.
It is hard for anyone to articulate which players are considered to have switched national allegiances the “right way.”
That may explain why Weikert feels further adjustment of the rules is necessary before the next Olympics. 
A player is allowed to compete for a new country only after a lengthy period of residence.
Weikert noted that changing the rule need to vote by 222 national associations. 
Maybe other people are thinking another way, and I accept this.
In the interview, Weikert revealed that the I.T.T.F. had begun work in recent months on a project.
Young, non-Chinese players could learn and improve in that highly competitive ecosystem.
Of course, it’s difficult for a sport if only one nation is winning.
After about age 40, most of us begin to experience a thickening of our stratum corneum.
The final, protective, outer layer of the epidermis is itself the top layer of your skin.
The stratum corneum is the portion of the skin that you see and feel.
The stratum corneum is Composed mostly of dead skin cells and some collagen.
At the same time, the layer of skin beneath the epidermis, the dermis, begins to thin.
It gives the skin a more translucent and often saggier appearance.
These changes are independent of any skin damage from the sun.
The steady regimen of exercise could stave off or even undo the signs of early aging in these animals.
They rapidly grew wizened, frail, ill, demented, and graying or bald.
The exercisng  mice are fur far longer than their sedentary labmates.
Of course, we humans long ago swapped our fur for naked skin.
The scientists first gathered 29 local male and female volunteers ages 20 to 84.
Participants performing at least three hours of moderate or vigorous physical activity every week.
We wanted to examine skin that had not been frequently exposed to the sun.
Dr. Mark Tarnopolsky is a professor of pediatrics and exercise science at McMaster.
This study was presented this month at the American Medical Society for Sports Medicine annual meeting in New Orleans.
When compared strictly by age, the skin samples overall aligned with what would be expected.
Older volunteers generally had thicker outer layers of skin and significantly thinner inner layers.
They had markedly thinner, healthier stratum corneums and thicker dermis layers in their skin.
Their skin was much closer in composition to that of the 20- and 30-year-olds.
These factors might have influenced the differences in skin condition between the exercising and sedentary groups.
So the researchers next set a group of sedentary volunteers to exercising.
The volunteers were aged at 65 or older  had normal skin for their age.
They worked out twice a week by jogging or cycling at a moderately strenuous pace.
It is equivalent to at least 65 percent of their maximum aerobic capacity for 30 minutes.
The outer and inner layers looked very similar to those of 20- to 40-year-olds.
Under a microscope, the volunteers’ skin looked like that of a much younger person.
The researchers checked for alterations in the levels of certain substances created by working muscles.
Greatly augmented levels of a myokine called IL-15 in the skin samples of volunteers after exercise.
They had been exercising than at the start of the study.
The additional myokines and substances are also involved in the skin changes related to exercise.
Any IL-15 pill, salve or injection will ever replicate the skin benefits of a workout.
There is no evidence that exercise reverses wrinkling and other damage from the sun.
Why would our bodies evolve to spend close to one-third of our lives completely out of it？
Tackle the mile ahead instead of worrying about the entire distance to be run.
This time I was running five, six miles at a time.
It built my strength and speed until one cold March day.
I ran 10 full miles from Cape May, N.J., to North Wildwood.
I tried not to worry about everything going wrong at once.
The house was suddenly worth a lot less than what I paid for it.
I broke up with my boyfriend of two and a half years.
I made sure to put a copy of "Hansons Marathon Method" in a box.
The box was coming with me, not one going into storage.
The method is developed by the brothers Keith and Kevin Hanson.
The schedule called for running up to 57 miles a week.
I am too fat, too slow, too inexperienced, too sleep deprived.
I crossed them out on the photocopy with a felt-tip pen as I went.
It was both my penance for failing again in a relationship and a reminder that.
I welcomed the exhaustion of logging 30, 40, 50 miles a week.
My father lost 20 pounds just by showing up regularly at the gym.
Depression could follow me around like a sad little rain cloud.
By the time I crossed the finish line at the New Jersey Marathon last May.
The first week of the program started around what should have been my wedding day.
A method is to throw off the albatross from around my neck.
A gentle push rather than a shove leads me to the next chapter.
Why do I find it more difficult and tiring when I take my walk on a treadmill?
Many people, including me, find a treadmill workout more draining than the same activity on a sidewalk or track.
In a 2012 experiment, runners were asked to jog on a track.
Set the machine to a pace that felt the same as what they had just run.
On the treadmill, this gentle pace felt as difficult as swifter running on the track.
There are differences whether they are on a treadmill or the ground.
Jogging on the treadmill is less jarring than running on the ground.
The strength we strike on it is only 175 percent of our body weight when we are on a treadmill.
So the most likely explanation for any drudgery associated with treadmill exercise is psychological.
Walking outside, people experience less fatigue, more vitality and greater pleasure compared with on an indoor treadmill.
Style always matters at the Olympics, in particular the Winter Olympics.
Even if you don't think you're being judged, you're being judgy-judged.
A twist on Sochi style, of course, has been the weather.
If you overstuffed your bags,shoving thermal underwear upon thermal underwear into a side pocket, you overprepared.
If you expect the Winter Games to be a frigid,fur-lined glamour-in-Aspen blast,you overprepared.
I would suggest donating mittens to be used as sweaters for area cats.
It doesn't matter if you are an athlete or just an attendee.
You are behind the curve if you are not in Sochi with a super duper lightweight puffer jacket.
The lightweight puffer jacket is the outerwear of choice here in both the coastal cluster and the mountain region.
Lightweight puffer jackets are simply puffer jackets that have been stripped of weighty frills.
Lightweight puffer jackets weigh as much as an issue of the New Republic.
The best Lightweight puffer jackets can be smooshed up into a compact ball.
The best Lightweight puffer jackets can stuffed inside another lightweight puffer jacket.
Lightweight puffer jackets really works best with the temperature hovering between 45 and 55 Fahrenheit
Lightweight puffer jackets are nowhere near as daring or memorable as the psychedelic Sochi volunteer jackets.
Sochi volunteer jackets are the true style statement of these Games.
There is great puffer pride here, a competition within the competition.
The slickest of puffers have their nation or company name emblazoned somewhere prominently on the material.
The puffers come in metallic silver giving the wearer the appearance of a bulging pan of Jiffy Pop.
NBC are rumored to come with hidden interior Secret Frappucino (SeFrapp) pockets.
The U.S. men's team defeated Russia 3-2 in an epic preliminary throwdown.
Hockey jerseys are the most socially acceptable of jerseys for fans to wear to the actual gam.
Football jerseys are deployed as a license for your dentist to behave like a lunatic on Sundays.
Nike took some grief for some of its U.S. team jerseys.
The retro USA ones they busted out on Sunday versus Slovenia were perfect.
Sunday versus Slovenia dressed like the Hartford Whalers mixed with Key lime pie.
Slovakia's jerseys have the national anthem scrolling across in horizontal pinstripes
They can substitute lyrics for payroll figures and the telephone numbers of Alex Rodriguez's attorneys.
By now you have probably heard about the style travails of the U.S. speedskating team.
The U.S. speedskating team arrived in Sochi with great medal ambitions.
The U.S. speedskating team has fallen apart amid an anxious fashion crisis.
The Journal's Josh Robinson and Sara Germano broke the news that after a string of lackluster results.
The speed skaters were in revolt about their Under Armour skin suits.
The suits were allegedly handcrafted on Mars by robots living in the future.
Chaos abounds, but there's a suspicion the suit-roversy injured team confidence.
Even if the old suit was helping, it was undermined by all the rumpus.
This has led to a conversation about the psychological benefits of style.
If you are what you wear,you know this is all leading up to U.S. speedskating suits in Pyeongchang 2018.
The U.S. speedskating suits in Pyeongchang 2018 is designed by Tom Ford.
Enough has already been said about curling pants and the curling pants craze.
The curling pants everywhere else are simply known as oh-look-it-is-the-crazy-guy-at-a-barbecue pants.
Pants in ice dancing are just like Joaquin Phoenix and his buddies in 'Her.'
Henrik Harlaut enjoys skiing with Dirk Nowitzki's snowpants dangling from his knees.
You’re very lucky to have all your family in one area.
You would probably get more business if you had a shop.
You want to talk about your hopes and ambitions for a new job.
You want to talk about work in terms of earning and saving money.
You should try and find somewhere to sell your clothes and fashion designs.
You should take some hot tea and get a good sleep.
You should remember the distinction between the name of a region and the adjective used to describe people.
You should remember the distinction between the country or place name and the nationality or language.
You need the international code for the country you are calling.
You might want to comment on the service, the atmosphere, the cost of the meal and the food.
You may have to dial a special number for a local number.
You can talk about things in the future by using the phrase coming.
You can talk about the weather mentioning temperature or describing it more generally.
You can talk about the different accents in a particular language to identify where people come from.
You can talk about a place in terms of tourism by using popular.
You can describe a walk in a park, or round a lake, or in the country in many ways.
You can ask, for example, how to get an outside line or to make an international call.
You can ask the operator to call a particular country for you.
You can ask and talk about what people do in various ways.
You can also talk about the effect weather has on people.
You ask someone's opinion about a place you know about, but haven't been to.
You always have to walk a lot when you visit the Great Wall.
Yes, you can get the ancient and the modern side-by-side in Beijing.
Yes, take the second right and you’ll see the hotel about 200 metres away on your left.
Yes, mostly English, sometimes Chinese, the English internets are good for practicing my English.
Yes, if you have a laptop, just connect to the hotel internet service.
Yes, I think you’ll have to help me and explain them.
Yes, I do, I go online as often as I can.
Yes, but all in all, it’s a good job, and I like the people I work with.
Yes, and then you’ll see the Museum in front of you.
Why don’t you come for a drink tomorrow evening after work?
Why don’t you buy some of that jade which is really pretty?
When your wife is here, will you stay in Beijing the whole time?
When you want to apologize for something, the most common way is to say sorry.
When you talk about specific brands of products, you can use make, brand or the more general kind to describe.
When you get an order, it helps your memory to repeat it briefly.
When you feel unwell, you can describe your symptoms, for example feeling faint weak and having a headache.
When you are talking about the day you have just had, use the past tense.
When you are really excited by something, for example, at sporting events, you can say it in this way.
When anyone from my family comes to Beijing, I’m the tour guide.
What’s the best way to go there and see the Olympic site?
What does your daughter want to do when she finishes university?
We've got these suitcases in three sizes small, medium and large. 
Well, you’ll see the World Trade Center, it’s the really tall building on your left.
Well, when you have decided, then you can book your tickets.
Well, we could go to the Great Wall or the Summer Palace.
Well, she often has to work long hours, t can be very tiring.
We stopped for tea in the park and we hired a small boat.
We only have broadband access in the hotel guest rooms and Business Centre.
We could take a boat on the lake and have dinner.
We can work there and you can connect to the internet in Starbucks.
Usually when you talk about your birthplace or year of birth, you use the Past Tense.
Upon winning his eighth medal, Phelps had nothing but humble words for his audience.
Two former Chinese soccer deputy chief were sentenced to 10 and a half years in prison for taking bribes.
To make the description even more emphatic, you can use the word, really.
To describe people things and places, we can use adjectives, for example, slow.
To describe items like suitcases and even clothes, you can talk about sizes and colours, for example black and brown.
To ask what someone thought of, for example, a restaurant, you can say it.
To ask if friends had a good time together, you can ask it.
To ask for a telephone directory in a language you understand, you can say it.
To apologise for getting a wrong number, you can say this sentence.
This week, Mr. Armstrong is launching a public campaign to restore his image.
They’ll direct you to the Business Centre and tell you everything you need to know.
There's one person who holds the keys to my redemption, and that's me.
There’s lots of websites with English lessons and it’s good for reading.
There’s lots of students at the university there and it’s a good atmosphere.
There’re quite a lot of Chinese communities on the west coast of Canada and the United States.
There’re a few restaurants on your left side and then the Vietnamese restaurant.
There was time to relax, time to look at the scenery and time to read.
There are so many things in this menu so many different dishes.
There are no taxis, it’s a waste of time standing in the rain.
There are different ways of making phone calls in different places.
Then can we go to a bookshop and a sports shop?
The weather helps, and there are trees in the streets and in people's gardens as well as in the parks.
The Starbucks is at ground floor level, near the entrance to the building.
The President of the IOC gives the closing speech of the Olympic Games.
The President of the IOC and the President of the OCOG mount the rostrum.
The other person on the phone might ask who you are.
The Olympics will be all over Beijing, but the main centre is in the north.
The Olympic Games is the international area of competition viewed by millions on the spot or on TV.
The Olympic flag is slowly lowered while the Olympic anthem is being played.
The money is OK, but the job isn’t really that interesting for me. 
The hotel can arrange that and book a driver for you.
The Head of State of the host country declares the Games Open.
The food in Chongqing can be very spicy compared to Beijing cuisine.
The flag of the host country is hoisted on the central flagpole, while its anthem is played.
The flag bearers of the participating delegations enter the stadium in single file.
The discussion about traffic continues with each person giving their reasons for thinking their traffic problems are worse.
The closing ceremony takes place in the stadium after the end of all the events.
The airport is about one hour from the city centre by taxi.
That’s enough time to see a lot in Beijing and to do lots of things.
Thank you very much, and can we have some more rice, please？
Sometimes we have to acknowledge that we have created a problem, and it's our fault.
Sometimes in summer time, it can be really crowded and busy.
So, if your older brother has a baby girl, you’re her uncle.
So you will miss the concert while you are in London.
So we will get back to the hotel late afternoon, early evening.
So he still lives at home with your Mum and Dad.
Shall we meet in the lobby at 6 and then take a taxi?
See you in the coffee shop soon  and order me a coffee.
See that big building on the right, that’s the Xinhua Bookstore.
Remember, you can describe the nature of your work in various ways.
Remember using the comparative form of the adjective when comparing things.
Remember how you can use should to suggest or recommend something.
Remember how you can describe where a person works and what he or she actually does.
Remember how to express a really strong desire to do something.
Records are meant to be broken no matter what they are.
Places can be beautiful, but crowds at certain times of year can spoil the experience of visiting them.
Ping and I went to the new Italian restaurant last week.
Perhaps you don't like your job, or you are unhappy with it.
One of his goals is to lay the groundwork for they to consider allowing him to compete in elite triathlons.
On a more positive note, he talks about the better subway system in New York.
OK, on my left at the end of Chang’ an Avenue.
OK, let’s meet tomorrow at 10 in Starbucks for a working breakfast.
Often, when you feel unwell, you don't want to admit it right away. 
Not yet, but I’ll decide when I’ve checked everything on the website.
No, but I had dinner with the family. It's my sister's birthday today.
My son’s five and my daughter’s three, they’re still just little kids.
Muhammad lit the Olympic flame during the opening ceremony of the 1996 Atlanta Games.
Most of the time we’ll be in Beijing, but we’ll also do a short visit to Shanghai.
Maybe you should have a day off tomorrow , no sightseeing, just a good rest.
Maybe I’ll go to Shanghai to see friends for a few days.
Many people don't realize how careful you have to be in hot sun. 
Let’s meet tomorrow at the Starbucks near the World Trade Center.
It's so nice there, with lovely views all round the lake.
It's one of the world's oldest stadiums and the site of the first modern Olympic Games in 1896.
It's a student area, so there's lots of interesting bars and clubs.
It’s good if you’re a football fan who also wants to learn English.
It’s at the north end of the lake, near the bridge.
It’s about 100 metres from there, on the east side of the lake.
It will be a long day for you and you’ll be tired.
It was so peaceful comparing with the busy traffic in Beijing.
It must have been tough for your parents, bringing up three boys.
It might even be quicker than to take a taxi, especially in rush hours.
It is usual to apologise for making an inconvenient call before making alternative arrangements.
It is really huge, but China has a much bigger population.
It has a good range and the prices are reasonable. 
It can be really exciting but sometimes it can be a bit boring.
Instead of zero, zero, you can also use the plus symbol.
In general you can talk about different kinds of dishes like meat, vegetable, and fish.  
In August the temperature can go up to 35 degrees and over.
In an interview he was expected to admit to using performance-enhancing drugs.
In a restaurant, you can request more food or drink, and specify exactly what you want.
I'm sure it will be a great event and great for China.
I'm sorry, Mr Li is away from his desk at present.
I'm a bit tired after returning from the Forbidden City, so much walking!
I'll be at a conference here the week before the start of the Olympics.
If you’d just like to check your bill, Mr Smith, and sign there.
If you want to sympathise with someone in a difficult situation, you can say it in this way.
If you want to explain that something was positive rather than negative, you can say it in this way.
If you want to emphasise something, for instance, if something was too much, you can use too before the adjective.
If you want a call returned, you can say that please ask him to call me.
If you think you may need help from someone later, you can ask them obliquely without actually asking a question.
If you like two things equally, you can use both. 
If you have doubts about something, or you are not sure, it’s very common to say I don’t know.
If you have a very different opinion from a friend, you can challenge that opinion.
If you feel just slightly unwell, you can ask a pharmacist for a remedy.
If you feel ill for a while, finally you have to admit it, however apologetically.
If you drive, get on the Third Ring Road and head north.
If you don't get better, you should go to see a doctor.
If you can’t decide about something, you can say various things.
If you are worried about someone's health, you can make suggestion, for example about seeing a doctor or resting.
If you are talking about something that is completely in the past, you use the Past Tense.
If you are surprised at a friend's behaviour, you can say this.
If you are asked for help in this way, you can respond by saying it.
If there is an activity you don't like, for example, football, you can say it in this way.
If the weather is good, why don’t you come with us?
If someone offers to help a friend of yours, you can thank the person and pass on the offer.
If someone has done something you would have liked to do, you can say that I envy you.
If it happens again, perhaps you should try Chinese traditional medicine.
I'd like to talk to you about an idea I've got.
I'd like to go to some art galleries and museums. 
I’ve seen pictures of the new stadium , it looks fantastic.
I’ve heard that Manchester has a really good Chinatown, like the one in San Francisco.
I’ve got a few quick e-mails I need to send anyway.
I’ve connected the cable from my laptop to the telephone point, but I still can’t get on the internet.
I’m going to buy a lot of presents to take home.
I’m expecting an e-mail from my friend and I want to reply.
I’m doing a lot of fashion design at the moment. 
I’ll check it out and I’ll tell you all about it next week.
I’d love to but I’m going to meet some friends tomorrow.
I’d like to sell my designs and the clothes I make.
I’d like to book an appointment to get my hair done.
I want to see you before you meet Mr. Li on the 15th.
I want to check the flights to Shanghai next weekend, you know, times and prices and so on.
I want to buy some sports shirts and some trainers, too.
I used to run my own business and it took all my time.
I thought it was wonderful, but there were too many people, too many tourists.
I think your wife will see a big difference between the two cities.
I think you should really try and make a business out of that.
I think you can find Chinese people all over the world.
I think the weather is going to be very hot and humid.
I think she would love to come back and maybe work here in Beijing.
I think it would be so good to be independent and have your own business.
I think it would be good to have a look around.
I think I’ll have an early night and get a good sleep.
I think I’d like to see Ritan Park, I’ve never been before.
I suppose that to go by train is cheaper, but I don’t have much time. 
I suppose it’s a better experience and you can get things cheaper.
I really liked The Blue Lotus Thai restaurant. I thought the food was brilliant and the staff was very friendly.
I need to send some e-mails and check some things on the internet.
I need to get to the airport by 2 tomorrow afternoon.
I might go shopping on Saturday, it depends on the weather.
I might check if there is an organized tour from the hotel.
I just want a change, and I'd like to earn more.
I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places.
I have to meet my friend at 2 o’clock at the hotel.
I hate it when you get a lot of junk mails.
I guess that’s like most jobs that sometimes interesting, sometimes boring.
I guess most people don’t really love their work because it’s just a job.
I grew up in Shanghai but moved to Beijing when I was 20.
I check out all kinds of things in English, like music and football.
I bet that’s really interesting and lots of different things to do.
However, if you want to be specific you can name the particular meat or vegetable.
He's feeling unwell and I think he needs to see a doctor.
He’s the only one who has to travel to see his family. 
He wants to do something several of his lawyers had advised against.
He said that cheating was rampant in all pro sports, including the National Football League.
He may criticise one thing when everything else is OK, for example the service, in a restaurant.
He apologized for the damaging impact of the doping scandal on their morale.
Greece leads the parade and the last delegation in the parade is the host country.
Good, because I only want to see the different flight times and the possible prices.
Go straight ahead at the traffic lights and then turn right.
Go straight ahead at first, go down Wangfujing Street and take the second right.
For example, here the customer found the meat so tough that he wouldn't recommend it.
Following are the top 10 sports news stories of China in the year of 2012 selected by Xinhua News Agency.
Flying is quicker than taking the train, it will save you time.
Excuse me, do you know where the Novotel Peace Hotel is?
Everything, I’ve been to lots of the great sights, shopping, eating. It’s been non-stop.
Do you know that Korean restaurant we went to last week?
Do you have broadband access in the coffee lounge, for instance?
Do you have a pain in your stomach or a general stomach ache?
Did you have a good time with Mr. Li last night?
Delegations parade in alphabetical order according to the language of the host country.
Credit card details usually means your credit card number and the expiry date.
Champion American swimmer Michael and his teammates set a new world record in the medley relay event.
Can we have two plain steamed rice and one fried rice, please?
But, on a less positive note, you might want to say it.
But Mr. Armstrong hoped he could change this kind of situation.
But I will also take a trip to Hong Kong soon.
At the meeting near the Denver airport, Mr. Armstrong talked openly the thing about doping.
Apart from helping my English, it’s a great way to keep up-to-date on all the news and results.
Apart from Beijing and Shanghai, I have never visited another city in China.
After the rush hour and a long hot day, it’s better then.
A new medal was distributed to winners at the Athens Olympic Games.
A good way of starting many questions is by asking the other person what they think.
Doping is one of the most serious threats the Olympic Movement has ever seen.
The fight against doping involves however much more than elite sport alone.
It is not only about testing and sanctioning well-known athletes, it is about the health and future of our population.
These studies indicate that hundreds of thousands of teenagers and even pre-teenagers are in danger.
The IOC has been a leader in the fight against doping for more than 40 years.
We developed the first list of prohibited drugs and worked out methods for their detection.
We also established a system of sanctions , and we accredited drug-testing laboratories.
And we also funded the WADA budget for the first two years.
After the Festina scandal in the Tour de France in 1998, we realized more was needed.
Today, the IOC continues to be a leader in the fight against doping.
In response to the seriousness of the threat, we have championed a policy of zero tolerance.
We enforce this policy through a comprehensive program of testing during each edition of the Olympic Games.
Next year in Beijing, we plan to conduct 4 , 500 in 一 and out-of-competition tests.
This is roughly 25 percent more than were carried out during the 2004 Games in Athens.
And 90 per cent more than the number of tests carried out in Sydney in 2000.
We have also recently proposed a series of measures to strengthen our zero tolerance policy.
We rely on other stakeholders within the Olympic Movement to help.
The Olympic Movement adopted the WAD A code by the Opening of the Athens Games in July 2004.
The impact of doping, of course, extends far beyond the boundaries of the Olympic Movement, and no one is unaffected.
For this reason, we must work harder to establish a unified voice for fair play.
Collaboration among the sports community and governments is necessary if we are to make a lasting difference.
It is through our combined efforts that we will educate young people to make the right decisions.
The value of the government's support was made clear in 2006.
That year, the Spanish Civil Guard launched the Operation Puerto investigation.
This paved the way for the Copenhagen Declaration and the UNESCO International Convention against Doping in Sport.
WADA will only have a full credibility when the governments and the Olympic Movement are compliant.
The third World Conference on Doping in Sport, marks a milestone in our fight against doping.
As we move forward, let us build on our past success to promote cleaner sports10.
Let us tackle the challenges and opportunities we face with conviction and a unified voice11.
Above all, let us never lose sight of why we are here.
To give athletes at all levels the fair chance they deserve.
To create an environment that allows champions to shine as role models for children, parents and fans alike.
With a history of over 100 years, the symbols and images of modem Olympic Games have become particularly valuable assets.
It is one of the most valuable assets of the Olympic Movement.
In order to create a unique, meaningful,symbolic and animated emblem for Beijing Olympic Games, BOCOG solicited emblem designs worldwide.
Many domestic and international professional designing institutions and experts were invited to participate in the competition.
In total we received 1,985 entries, of which 222 were from overseas.
All the designs fully embodied the Chinese culture and an in-depth understanding of the Olympic ideals and spirit.
On March 28th 2003, the International Olympic Committee commended and officially approved of the emblem of the Beijing Olympic Games.
It is the result of the combined wisdom of Chinese and international experts.
The emblem of the Olympic Games is an important component of Olympic intellectual property.
The Chinese Central Government and Beijing Municipal Government have intrcxluced regulations to ensure the protection of Olympic intellectual property.
Enforcing these regulations is essential to those who wish to participate in and support the preparations for the Games.
Today, the Assembly has the honor of invoking the spirit of the Olympic Truce.
History reveals that the Olympic Truce has transcended differences whenever people meet people on the fields of fair play.
Indeed, it has contributed to that end through the centuries during war and peace.
Today, Member States adopt the Olympic Truce at the United Nations.
Next August, competitors will swear the athletes* oath of fair play at the opening ceremonies.
Let today's draft resolution be implemented at all levels:intergovernmental, national, community, household and personal.
Shall we leave it as it is, or endeavor mutually to create an era of peace and incessant development?
The present IOC President also points out that education and culture is the cornerstone of the Olympic Movement.
As far as its cultural background is concerned, the IOC, founded in 1894, mainly originated from the European culture.
It was initially composed of 15 members, most of whom were from Europe.
The globalization of the Olympic Movement in the geographical sense is bound to call for its cultural diversity.
The IOC has gradually realized that diversity is the nature of the Olympic Movement, and this awareness still grows.
The main challenge is to change the long dominant Euro-centric thinking in the Olympic Movement.
In 1994, at the Centennial Olympic Congress, the participants came to realize that the world is full of diversities.
It is the cultural varieties that add colors to the world.
Therefore, people should understand and appreciate these diversities rather than impose one culture on others.
In 1997, this issue was further discussed at the forum provided by the IOC Culture Commission.
It is not exaggerated to say, the cultural diversity is the very wealth and strength of the Olympic Movements.
Staging the Olympic Games in Beijing will greatly strengthen the multiplicity and exchangeability of the Olympic culture.
No one assumes that the Olympics could help solve all the problems rampant in the world.
Also the Olympics should and can contribute to the development of the human civilization.
It just might be the sexiest courtship1 in the history of European football.
But it has bled euros to get there by some estimates as much as C500 million since 2000.
Three of Europe's 10 highest-paid footballers play for Real, earning a total of nearly C20 million a yean 
In fiscal year 2002, Real spent C117.2 million on salaries-a whopping 77 percent of its total operating revenue.
The spending spree has brought two Champions League titles since 2000.
They argue that Real's success rests on a foundation of government protectionism. 
Back in 2000, construction mogul and former Madrid politician Florentino Perez was elected club president by Real's 80,000 members.
Zidane arrived from Juventus of Turin for about C75 million, making him the most expensive player in football history.
Even before Federation in 1901, Australia was competing internationally as a nation.
Despite its relatively small population, Australia has consistently had world champions in most sports.
Finishing in fourth place overall in the Olympic competition, Australians won 58 medals.
Australia gained first place in the Paralympics, with a total of 149 medals.
Applying the newest scientific technologies to training can literally mean the difference between winning and losing in competition.
The role that science plays in sport is now a major factor in Australia's sporting success.
In addition, Australia's elite athletes have a large support network of coaches, managers,scientists, doctors, physiotherapists and nutritionists.
The late, great cricketer Sir Donald Bradman summed it up crisply and well.
He said that sport is embedded in the fabric of Australian life. 
As a universal language, sport is an important factor in the promotion of peace and development.
It is evidenced in the Olympic spirit that came into being more than 2,000 years ago.
In the 21st century, the countries of the world should continue to uphold the UN Charter's purposes and principles.
Because of the slow movements, tai chi chuan, also known as shadow boxing, is frequently associated exclusively with senior citizens.
The exercises are based on the principles of controlled breathing, rhythmic movement and equilibrium in various part of the body.
They typically involve meditation, emphasizing cardiovascular circulation and alignment of the body instead of muscular development.
What makes tai chi chuan different from other martial arts is that it has roots in Taoist philosophy.
Education is an important theme in youth athletics in the US.
Kids are basically encouraged, after all, to beat each other up on the football field.
Conscientious coaches seek to impart lessons in teamwork, self-sacrifice, competition, gracious winning and losing.
Teachers at least want their pupils worn out so they'll sit still in reading class.
The athletic fields become less a place to learn about soft values like teamwork than about hard self-discipline and competition.
Competitiveness,after all,is prized highly by Americans, perhaps more so than by other peoples. 
High school basketball or football teams are place where the ethos of competition is given still stronger emphasis.
Although high school coaches still consider themselves educators, the sports they oversee are not simple extensions of the classroom.
They are important social institutions, for football games bring people together.
One would be hard-pressed to show that major US college sports are about education.
Coaches require far too much of players' time to be truly concerned with anything other than performance in sport.
Too often, the players they recruit seem to care little about school themselves.
Sport and physical education are activities undertaken in mankind^ ceaseless pursuit of the Olympic ideal. 
Sport not only builds one's physique, but also teaches communication, cooperation, respect for others, and acceptance of failure.
As such, it is an important medium for strengthening the ties among different civilizations and values.
So that the Olympic spirit will flourish once again, this time in China, an oriental country with an ancient civilization.
He was  above all an educator, but also a sports expert.
Like Coubertin, he saw the value of combining education and sport while promoting universality and participation.
He had the foresight of advocating China's entry into the Olympic Movement.
The 29th Olympic Games is set to start in Beijing on August 8, 2008.
All the Chinese people around the globe are looking forward to this great sports and culairal event.
The modem Olympic concept is the real treasure owned by all mankind.
The journey we traversed in practicing Olympic concepts had been full of twists and turns.
In July 1952 New China took part in the XV Olympiad in Helsinki,Finland,for the first time.
China has since won 112 gold, 96 silver and 78 bronze medals, that is, 286 medals in total.
It has also competed in all the Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games since 1980.
Today I'd like to give you a brief introduction to the Hong Kong Sports Institute Limited.
The Hong Kong Sports Institute Limited, shortened as HKSI, was established on 1 October 2004.
Each of the Elite Sports receives assured support from the HKSI throughout a four-year cycle.
The range of Elite Sports, with effect from April 2007, includes:
badminton, cycling, fencing, rowing, squash, swimming, table tennis, bowling, triathlon, windsurfing and Wushu.
Speakers will be invited to present on a predetermined topic providing a basis for further discussion.
The presentation will then be followed by discussion among all participants in the seminar.
With the new funding in place, there will be three funding schemes for the support to elite athletes:
Indoor exercises, however, are never as helpful as those taken out of doors in pure fresh air.
It is because in fresh air more oxygen is taken into our systems and more wastes are given off.
The air in the house does not remain fresh very long.But out of doors it is usually fresh and pure.
There are a number of games such as football, basketball, races.
Any game with plenty of movement is good.The best are those that are played out of doors.
The people of Hong Kong are longing for the opportunity to reciprocate the hospitality of the East Asian Games family.
Such types of inner boxing as Xingyi, Baxian, Baji and Xuangong, have been taken to Wudang Mountain by later generations.
I'd like to share with you my knowledge of the Olympic Games.
Once in four years they had a great festival to celebrate what they called the Olympian Games.
In most of the games the men and boys wore little or no clothing, and had their bodies oiled.
The prizes seemed very simple ;they were nothing more than crowns made of leaves of the wild olive tree;
but to wear one of these crowns was the greatest honor, and he went home covered with glory.
Ancient athletes competed as individuals, not on national teams, as in the modem Games.
The emphasis on individual athletic achievement through public competition was related to the Greek ideal of excellence.
Aristocratic men who attained this ideal, through their outstanding words or deeds, won permanent glory and fame.
Today, the Olympic Games are the greatest festival of sport in the world.
Every four years, a hundred or more countries send their best sportsmen to compete for the highest honors in sport.
But there is honor, too, for all who compete, win or lose.
That is in the spirit of the Olympics — to take part is what matters.
The Olympic Games always start in a bright color and action.
The teams of all the nations parade in the opening ceremony and march round the track.
The custom is for the Greek team to march in first, for it was in Greece that the Olympics began.
The team of the country where the Games are being held — the host country 一 marches in last.
The runner with the Olympic torch then enters the stadium and lights the flame.
A sportsman from the host country takes the Olympic oath on behalf of all the competitors.
After the sportsmen march out of the stadium, the host country puts on a wonderful display.
An Olympic official declares the Games closed and invites the athletes to the site of the next Olympics.
HKSAP was established in 1972.It receives funding from various departments of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government.
Private donations and corporate sponsorships are also major sources of funding for the various programmes and events.
organized competitive struggles, which draw huge crowds to cheer their favorite team to victory ;
athletic games, played for recreation anywhere sufficient space is found ;
Most sports are seasonal, so that what is happening in sports depends upon the time of year.
Some sports are called spectator sports, as the number of spectators greatly exceeds the number playing in the game.
It is played throughout the spring and summer, and professional baseball teams play well into the fall.
The game originated as a college sport more than 75 years ago.
The game is not the same as European football or soccer.
The prizes seemed very simple;they were nothing more than crowns made of leaves of the wild olive tree;
A country often consigned to an after-thought in East Asia is out to prove that it, too, matters.
Last week, it did so, by gliding through to the second round with skill and flair.
Sandwiched between economic giant Japan and rising superpower China, Korea has always shouldered an inferiority complex.
Said bleached-haired midfielder Kim Nam II on the eve of Korea's 2002 debut:
Perhaps the most contentious issue in modern U.S.-Korea relations stems from a little-known pastime called short-track speed skating.
He's since been voted the most unwelcome foreigner in a Korean poll.
"People felt bad about the Ohno incident," says Ahn."I wanted to fix that."
The Koreans needed at least a draw to guarantee advancing further in the Cup.
As fire-works flashed overhead, more than 400,000 citizens poured onto the streets of Seoul to celebrate.
"We are both powerful now," says 36-year-old reveler Lee So Jung.
Sports and games build our bodies, prevent us from getting too fat, and keep us healthy.
Mixing strength and agility with style and grace, the gymnastics have provided many of the most breathtaking Olympic spectacles.
The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well."
Four years later in 1911, the famous Monte Carlo Rally was inaugurated as the world's leading annual international rallying event.
In 1979,Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping pointed out that China would bid to host the Olympic Games when time was appropriate.
During 1991 and 2001, Beijing made two Olympic bids, one for 2000 and the other for 2008.
With point you could make a line;with lines, planes;with planes, solids.
Ancient athletes competed as individuals, not on national teams, as in the modern Games.
Everybody has a responsibility to the society of which he is a part and through this to mankind.
Either individually or in pairs, boys and girls often recite rhymes while they skip.
We see, hear, smell the world as we never can when we ride.
No matter what vehicle, it is the vehicle that is moving, not ourselves.
But when we walk, the environment changes every moment and our senses are continuously being alerted.
This is true not only in the country, but anywhere at all.
In New York City, a group of executives who meet every weekday morning walk from their homes to their offices.
On their daily route they see, hear, smell the city in all its seasonal changes, under bright and cloudy skies.
The river waters roll by below their feet, sullen or sparkling.
Since the Beijing Olympic Action Plan was approved, construction-related investments on infrastructure and the ecosystem have been increasing steadily.
Furthermore, the city's efforts in cleaning the Qinghe and Liangshui rivers have already produced positive results in environmental protection.
With respect to transportation infrastructure, the newly constructed Fourth-Ring Road is already open to traffic.
The Olympic Games are an international multi-sport event subdivided into summer and winter games.
Until 1992, they were both held in the same year,and since then, they have been separated two years apart.
There are more than 20 Summer Olympics sports, including swimming, basketball, soccer, gymnastics, boxing, weight-lifting, yachting, cycling and equestrian events.
Siding, ice-skating and ice hockey are among the 7 Winter Game sports.
A competitor must be the citizen of the country he or she represents.
There are many myths suirounding the origin of the ancient Olympic Games.
This is also why a modem stadium is 400 meters in circumference length (1 stadium = 400 meters).
The number of events increased to 20, and the celebration was spread over several days.
Winners of the events were greatly admired and were iminortalized in poems and statues.
The Games were held every four years, and the period between two celebrations became known as an "Olympiad".
The Greeks used Olympiads as one of their methods to count years.
The Games gradually declined in importance after the Romans gained power in Greece.
Thirteen nations sent a total of 285 men, and the Games were revived.
The 1956 Melbourne Olympics were the first Olympics that were boycotted by the Netherlands, Spain, and Switzerland.
In 1980 and 1984, the Cold War opponents12 boycotted each other's games.
Sixty-five nations refused to compete at the Moscow Olympics in 1980 because of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO BEING PART OF THIS HUGE CELEBRATION OF SPORTS AND CULTURE IN MY COUNTRY.
“I am honoured to have been chosen as an ambassador for the PyeongChang 2018 Games,” he said. 
POCOG President Lee Hee-Beom was delighted to see the singer added to the roster of PyeongChang 2018 ambassadors. 
He will help us reach out to a younger audience and get them engaged and excited about winter sports.
400 CHILDREN AND TEACHERS PARTICIPATE IN PYEONGCHANG 2018 PEACE EDUCATION FESTIVAL.
It was also great to meet students and teachers from so many different countries and meet through sport.
THROUGH THIS PROGRAMME, I HAVE LEARNED THAT SPORT IS NOT ABOUT WINNING, BUT HAVING FUN AND MEETING NEW FRIENDS.
“These students are the next generation of leaders in our world. 
POCOG should be commended for the quality of technical work it has undertaken to ensure a smooth fit-out process.
The length of the IBC is 290m, which is equivalent to nearly three football pitches. 
SHE IS THE LATEST MEMBER OF AN IMPRESSIVE ROSTER OF AMBASSADORS WHO WILL HELP TO PROMOTE THE 2018 WINTER GAMES.
Sumi Jo was born in Changwon (KOR) in 1962 and it wasn’t long before her musical flair was noticed. 
“I am thrilled to be an ambassador for PyeongChang 2018,” she said. 
It is going to be a wonderful experience being part of the fun and festivities next year.
SEVERAL NEW EVENTS WERE ADDED, INCLUDING A MIXED DOUBLES CURLING COMPETITION. 
In Rio in 2016, rugby sevens showed just how much condensed versions of well-known sports could generate new interest. 
This also opens up the possibility of seeing unexpected winners. 
“Mixed doubles has allowed more modest or younger federations to reach the podium,” Caithness observes. 
Mixed doubles has some notable features compared with traditional curling, where the teams consist of four players. 
Each team has six stones rather than eight, and plays five per end. 
The player in a team who delivers the first stone of an end must also deliver the last one. 
That means he or she has the “hammer” (the advantage of playing the last stone). 
The other team member delivers the second, third and fourth stones. 
The player who delivers the first stone can be different for each end. 
In addition, the “thinking time” is reduced to a total of 22 minutes in mixed doubles.
At the start of an end, two stones are pre-placed on the ice, one for each team. 
The team which loses an end pre-places the two stones at the start of the next end. 
These cannot be touched, and no other stone can be placed, before the fourth stone has been delivered.
Both of these pairs are on course to represent Canada in PyeongChang in 2018. 
It’s very different from traditional curling, and we’re continuing to learn the various strategies. 
It’s funny to see all the skips in the changing rooms complaining about their aching muscles!
It also gave Switzerland its sixth title since the first World Championships in this discipline in 2008. 
Rios became world champion for the second time, after the 2012 edition he won with Nadine Lehmann. 
“Playing against Canada in a World Championship final in Canada and winning at the end is just incredible!”
The 2017 World Championships were also the qualifying event for the Olympic Games PyeongChang 2018. 
Joanne Courtney, silver medallist at the 2017 World Championships, summed it up perfectly: “We are proud of ourselves. 
We came here with a view to getting Canada to the Olympic Games, and that’s what we’ve done. 
We wanted a medal and we got it. We can be quite satisfied with that.”
Entrants may submit their applications between 24 and 31 July, with the winners to be announced this September.
POCOG is hoping to attract unique designs that set PyeongChang 2018 apart from previous Winter Games. 
A total of 7,500 torchbearers will take part in the Olympic Torch Relay. 
It motivated me to work even harder towards winning a gold medal at the Olympic Winter Games. 
I am also excited and honoured to take part in lighting the flame in Olympia Greece on 24 October. 
Meanwhile, all PE teachers at schools in Gangwon province have taken part in workshops to help them deliver the curriculum.
WE WANT AS MANY YOUNG PEOPLE TO BE PART OF THE OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC WINTER GAMES AS WE CAN.
We were the team that was positive and we were always in control," said former Benfica boss Mourinho.
"I never felt that we could concede a goal, we were very solid defensively."
Sometimes I feel that to be good defensively is a crime but it is not a crime.
We knew the Benfica pressure could not stay for 90 minutes."
The amazing defensive work Liverpool did against us, Benfica could not do that for the whole game.
Benfica were reduced to 10 men late on when veteran centre-back Luisao was given a second yellow card.
He could have scored his first goal for the club but saw his effort pushed away from the near post.
Goalkeeper Svilar joined the Portuguese champions in the summer from Anderlecht for £2.
Like the Brazilian, Svilar plays as a sweeper keeper, rushing off his line to clear the danger.
It cost his side the points, leaving them bottom of the table without a win in this season's competition."
"This is football and I know he is a great goalkeeper and I wish him well for the future."
"I knew how good the goalkeeper was, I told the players that.
We had a little bit of a strategy, especially on set-pieces to make him uncomfortable."
So it was a really good away performance by Jose Mourinho and his side.
The result never looked in real doubt, they never looked like conceding.
In Marcus Rashford they had the one player who looked like he could score the goal and he did.
This is also the first time the Red Devils have won back-to-back away games in the competition since that campaign.
Marcus Rashford has been directly involved in 10 goals in all competitions for United this season (six goals, four assists).
Only Romelu Lukaku has been involved in more (11 goals, one assist).
This is the first time that Benfica have lost their opening three games in the Champions League group stages.
The Portuguese side mustered 11 shots (including blocked) in this match, but failed to land a single one on target.
Benfica have never kept a clean sheet in their 10 competitive meetings with United.
The Belgium forward had given Chelsea a two-goal lead in the first half after David Luiz scored a wonderful opener.
But the Serie A side fought back, with Aleksandar Kolarov scoring before Edin Dzeko netted twice in six minutes.
We suffered in possession and it wasn't easy in the first half, despite scoring two goals.
When we changed in the second half, the situation was changing.
Roma have never won an away game against English opposition in the Champions League (drew three, lost six).
Eden Hazard scored his first Champions League goals since 11 March, 2015 vs PSG - 952 days ago.
Hazard's two goals were more than he had managed in his previous 14 games in all competitions for Chelsea .
Chelsea have scored four goals from outside the box in the Champions League this season, more than any other team.
Roma have failed to keep a clean sheet in their last 23 away games in the Champions League.
Edin Dzeko made his 100th appearance for Roma in all competitions and has netted 59 goals so far.
Maroney, 21, said she was abused over a seven-year period by Nassar.
Maroney said the "unnecessary and disgusting" abuse started at a national-team training camp in Texas.
It seemed whenever and wherever this man could find the chance. I was "treated".
Her statement detailed other occasions she was allegedly abused by Nassar.
She is the most high-profile athlete to detail alleged abuse by Nassar.
USA Gymnastics president and chief executive chief Steve Penny resigned over the issue.
We are outraged and disgusted by the conduct of which Larry Nassar is accused.
We are sorry that any athlete has been harmed during her or his gymnastics career.
It added it was strengthening and enhancing our policies and procedures regarding abuse.
"The infection was the major issue," the 28-year-old told the BBC.
The surgeon said there was a chance I could lose my hand.
Speaking to Radio 5, live's Rugby Union Weekly podcast, he said:
After a series of clean-out operations in Bloemfontein, he was rushed to hospital when he returned to Wales.
"The first day, our doctor cleaned it out and stitched it up," he said.
"But the following day we went to the hospital after it had become infected."
"I was transferred to Morrison hospital in Swansea to see a plastic surgeon, and he cleaned it out once more."
Baldwin said the squad had spent the morning before he was bitten with the lion cubs.
"I've had the stitches out, and hopefully will be back in training sometime in the coming week," he said.
I'm hoping to be available for this week, if all things go well.
Steve Tandy has said we just need to get past it now.
It is what it is. We just need to move on now.
After what I have gone through, I can see how it leads to that road and it is scary.
Chris Kirkland realised the ambitions of thousands of youngsters by playing in the Premier League and representing his country.
But, after leaving Wigan Athletic in 2012, the former Coventry City and Liverpool goalkeeper started to struggle with crippling anxiety.
The 6ft 6in goalkeeper is a husband to wife Leeona and father to daughter Lucy.
The four years, looking back now, I can't really remember a lot about it.
They lost their husband and their dad for four years, which hurts now, really hurts now.
That's why I knew I had to do something because I didn't want my daughter growing up without a dad.
Me and Leeona have been together for 18 years. She is a wonderful wife and mother.
She is the perfect role model, and luckily, our daughter has taken after her mum.
The way I was going, I was worried where it was going to lead to.
Until a couple of years ago, she didn't really know the extent of it.
I was ashamed, not so much ashamed, but your mind takes over yourself.
I even stopped walking the dog, which I have always done.
I just felt as though everyone was looking at me when I was out.
I just wanted to stay in the house, lock the door, shut the gate and not let anyone in.
I was in this different place and it is not a nice place to be.
In 2012, however, the goalkeeper signed for Championship side Sheffield Wednesday.
It was after that move Kirkland says his anxiety began to take hold.
I started to struggle with anxiety when I was travelling over to Sheffield Wednesday.
When I was away from the house, I started to panic and started to struggle.
Looking back now, it was hard to do it, but you just do.
I just told them I needed to be closer to home.
I think Andy Rhodes knew, but the club were just a little bit unsure.
They told me to take my time and to give it a couple of weeks.
I just wanted to be in the house and shut the door.
I couldn't wait to get to sleep at night to have a little bit of clear mind.
But when I woke up in the morning, it all started again.
Then obviously staying over before matches, which I tried to limit as much as I could.
But getting home on Fridays, everyone knows the traffic on Fridays is a nightmare.
It sounds silly but everything is blown up out of proportion because you are not thinking rationally.
Worrying about everything - 'when am I going to get a day off so I can get home'.
Without Andy Rhodes I would have walked - I did initially.
I signed at the back end of the 2012 season, so I had all June before pre-season.
I rang Andy and said I had to sort one or two things out at home.
But then I went back and they bent over backwards for me.
The way I was, I was in a bad, bad place.
I started thinking how far was I from where Gary Speed was?
But I don't think that means I wanted to do anything.
It just means when I was asleep that was the only time.
Getting to sleep was a problem but when I got to sleep you are dozing away.
So when did Kirkland begin to realise he had to do something about his anxiety?
It was when we lost a dear friend of the family, Callum.
He had a blood clot on his leg and it all progressed from there.
I never got chance to say goodbye to him, which was hard.
I didn't realise just how good a friend he was until he was gone.
Things came to a head when the club were away in Portugal for pre-season.
I wanted to give it a go so I went back.
After the third day, I have said it, we were in a little five-a-side and I just wasn't there.
I went in and said I need a break, I need to get away.
It is still an ongoing process but I can see light now.
Whether it is to the PFA or someone at your club.
We are here to try and get more people into clubs to help players.
There are a lot of players, that is why we are doing it.
I am sure there is a lot we don't know about as well.
You have got to talk because we have seen what can happen unfortunately, with people taking their own lives.
Before, 10 or 15 years ago, I used to think ,how can you do that to your family?
 After what I have gone through, I can see how it leads to that road and it is scary.
Once I started talking things seemed a lot clearer'It's ok to talk, don't be ashamed, don't be embarrassed.
You'll always get some people who mock you but those people are cowards and should be ashamed of themselves.
Once I started talking things seemed a lot clearer and there are people there who will help you.
I think football realised they have a massive problem on their hands.
But now they are putting measures in place to make sure the help is there for players.
Having seen the positive reaction Kirkland has had to his own story, does he wish he had spoken out sooner?
But you are not thinking straight, your mind is not your own.
But until it does click in, you are not functioning right at all.
Messi then set up Lucas Digne for a third before Nikolaou's fine header grabbed a late consolation.
Pique had been shown a second yellow for a handball just before the break.
He protested his innocence to Scottish referee Willie Collum but rightly received his first Champions League red card.
Messi becomes only the second player after Real Madrid rival Cristiano Ronaldo to reach three figures in European competition.
I believe in these players and we're capable of changing the group situation around," coach Diego Simeone said."
The result means Juve are three points behind Group D leaders Barcelona, who have nine points from three games.
The Swiss side are a point behind leaders Manchester United in Group A.
Boston Celtics' $128m forward Gordon Hayward fractured his ankle in their NBA season opener against Cleveland Cavaliers.
Hayward joined the Celtics in July in a deal worth $128m (£97m).
Elsewhere, defending champions Golden State Warriors lost 122-121 to Houston Rockets, with James Harden top-scoring with 27 points.
The former Edinburgh and Gloucester scrum-half was injured in his side's weekend Champions Cup win over Ospreys.
Laidlaw will be unavailable for Scotland's home matches against Samoa, New Zealand and Australia next month.
Stand-in skipper John Barclay could also miss out as he continues to battle against an ongoing concussion issue.
Scarlets back-row Barclay is still undergoing Head Injury Assessment (HIA) protocols.
The United States Grand Prix could be the race at which Lewis Hamilton wins his fourth world title.
Cota, as they call it, is a rare new track in F1 where the architects have got things absolutely right.
Ask anyone in F1 what are their favourite races and you can guarantee that Austin is right up there.
Only this time, as their team batting average in the ALCS lingers well below.
The first, in the division series against Cleveland, vanquished a 102-win team.
"I'm not sure what would have happened had we not went through that experience."
Well, they wouldn't be here for one, and they wouldn't have experienced the multi-level vengeance Game 5 gifted them.
To say Astros starter Dallas Keuchel had owned the Yankees over his career would be an understatement.
He knocked New York out of the playoffs in the wild-card game two years back.
In Game 1 of this ALCS, he shut them out over seven innings.
That's 22 hits over five games for baseball's most potent offense.
Like Tanaka, Sanchez was once doubted, down in the minor leagues, when his prospect status dimmed amid work-ethic concerns.
And Judge, the Rookie of the Year-to-be, entered the season a question mark following a dreadful 2016 debut.
There are others, too, up and down the roster, giving this Yankees team some – gulp – charm.
As difficult a matchup as Game 5 was thought to be, Game 6 should be even harder.
The league wants its players to stand for the national anthem.
However, it appears there will be no rule passed to force that issue.
The fact is, we have about a half a dozen players that are protesting," Goodell said.
"We hope and we're going to continue to work to try to put that at zero.
But we want to make sure we're understanding what the players are talking about, and that's complex."
Vikings players link arms during the national anthem before their game against the Lions on Oct.1 in Minneapolis.
Goodell was asked why the NFL wouldn't make it a rule to stand.
That's an important part of our game and our moments, and we believe in that," Goodell said.
We have about six or seven players involved in this protest at this point.
That is really what's ultimately going to be the important aspect for us long term.
Goodell was also asked about the latest tweet from President Donald Trumpabout the NFL.
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem.
Goodell said he has not talked to Trump about the anthem issue."
We respect our country, respect our flag, respect our national anthem," Goodell said.
Many players probably wouldn't react well to being told to stand.
What we're trying to do is stay out of politics," Goodell said.
What we're looking to do is continue to get people focused on football."
Another issue that was asked about was what happens if an owner punishes a player who kneels for the anthem.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones recently made non-specific threats about players who don't stand for the anthem."
The owners demonstrated their single-minded ruthlessness, especially when the thought of Championship football strayed into their consciousness.
No shock to the system given their track record and treatment of the Italian.
Shakespeare was forced to defend his players, and possibly himself, when Ranieri said.
I had a little problem the year before and we won the title.
Maybe this year, when we lose, those people push a little more."
Walsh explained the approach when he told BBC Radio 5 Live.
If you just needed to get all the best players, scouting would be easy, wouldn't it?
You've got to look at the players maybe through different eyes and see what they can achieve.
For me, it's not just about their ability on the ball.
It's what they're prepared to give to the team when they haven't got it."
Vardy was the pacy threat of old, Mahrez the mercurial maverick, and normal solid service was restored in Leicester's defence.
Leicester finished in a comfortable 12th position, 10 points off relegation, but Ranieri's success left Shakespeare holding a poisoned chalice.
While no-one seriously expected a repeat of 2015-16, expectations were rightly raised.
The bar he set for any successor will always be too high.
Kante did exactly that, and his move to Chelsea yielded a second title in two years.
It was a twist of fate that was none of Shakespeare's doing, and one mitigating factor in his failure.
Without Silva and, now, without the manager who attempted to sign him, Leicester find themselves in further reduced circumstances.
When Antonio Conte was appointed manager of Juventus, he explained his philosophy as follows.
Not just cover every blade, but gobble it up as if they were dots in the Pac-Man game.
He wished to build a team in the image of the player he was for the Old Lady.
That player was Radja Nainggolan, the Ninja, although his nickname is only partly down to his ability to elude Conte.
The past 18 months have been the best of Nainggolan's career.
Already a fixture in the Serie A Team of the Year since 2015, he has reached new heights.
From a rampaging bite-your-legs midfielder, Nainggolan has evolved into something more.
"A Gattuso who scores goals," wrote La Repubblica's venerable columnist, Gianni Mura.
From spring 2016 to the end of last season, he hit 20 goals from midfield.
It meant Belgium's rough diamond played further up the pitch in a role, you'd usually associate with a number 10.
Spalletti's genius came in recognising the value of having a ball-winner of Nainggolan's predatory instincts so close to goal.
"I'm convinced that if you had 10 Nainggolans, you'd have a great team because the position he plays doesn't matter."
Asked how much the 29-year-old might be worth, Spalletti had no doubts.
And besides "there's always something", such as the fact Nainggolan smokes and isn't ashamed of it.
"I've got no desire to be at home like everybody else - work-home, work-home, work-home."
To earn a call up, you have to play regularly for your club.
Unless you're Youri Tielemans, who has started just twice for Monaco.
But not if you're Axel Witsel, who left Russia for China.
People thought I was inferior to the others who ended up not making it.
The Italians accepted me very quickly and I will never forget that.
His Indonesian father walked out on his mother and twin sister Riana when he was still a boy.
Lizy, his mother, had to hold down two jobs to put food on the table.
After meeting his wife, a Sardinian, while playing for Cagliari, Rome is now home for the Nainggolans.
And when they do, Roma will party, having not won it since 2000-01.
"A title in Rome is worth 10 in Milan or Turin."
Furthermore, the name of Tyrrell Hatton must now be heavily pencilled in to European skipper Thomas Bjorn's prospective team.
He has landed back-to-back titles with victories in the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship and then the lucrative Italian Open.
"For any European, the goal is to play a Ryder Cup," Hatton said after a superb final-round 65 in Italy.
There have now been seven qualifying events, which is still very early in the phony war period.
The 26-year-old from High Wycombe, though, already holds a commanding lead, sitting more than 1.
3 million points ahead of Marc Warren, who is fifth in the European Points List.
Neither would be among the favourites to last the qualifying course, but at this stage, Bjorn will not be complaining.
Other victors such as Matthew Fitzpatrick and Paul Dunne, like Hatton, are genuine contenders for the team.
This had no material effect on where his players hit their ball, but his uncertainty as a leader was exposed.
It was ultimately reflected in a disjointed European display and defeat on the course.
Former Tournament Committee chairman Bjorn has been Europe's pre-eminent golfing politician over the past decade.
This is why he has made the smart move of weighting qualifying points.
Those earned after May 24 next year will be multiplied by 1.5,
to favour those in the best form as the Ryder Cup approaches.
Even so, it would seem Hatton will now take some dislodging from the European line up.
Hatton has made very few of those in the past couple of weeks.
But he is showing his golf is plenty good enough to come through it.
"Wim Fissette and I have mutually decided to end our working relationship," she said on Wednesday.
"My foot is improving but it is still advisable to rest it further."
Things ended very amicably and I wish Wim all the best.
We've achieved a lot together and I want to thank him for all his patience, hard work and expertise.
That team owners had a point to make and they made it.
He noted on Tuesday that teams have used a variety of dodges to explain why Kaepernick isn't on a team.
It's not this system, this system doesn't work for him. These quarterbacks are terrible in any system.
However, he added, there has been no such directive from the Seattle front office to stand for the anthem.
We got, as the politicians would say, a very liberal team ownership.
But the 27-year-old now looks set to miss the rest of the season after fracturing his left tibia.
Hayward was taken away in an air cast shortly after James came over to console him.
Do the Cops Need a Warrant to Snoop from their Drones?
Hope for a speedy recovery, a healthy recovery, James said, as quoted by the Associated Press.
Trump is a soulless coward, says Popovich in scathing attack on the president. Don't miss.
George suffered a compound fracture, the bone piercing through the skin.
His recovery took eight months and saw him miss 76 games.
Less than two years after the fracture, George was posting a career high in points, averaging 23.3 per game.
I felt I was immortal, George said in January 2015, as quoted by Sporting News.
I've made so many plays where guys go down, and I walked up clean from it.
I did feel that nothing bad could ever happen to me on the court.
As soon as the air hit my bone, where the open wound was, it just shot through my whole body.
Although the injuries are different, Hayward can look to George's rejuvenation for inspiration in the months ahead.
The sport will make its Paralympic debut at Tokyo 2020 and GB Taekwondo's podium plans are already taking shape.
Even we have been shocked by their progress, Walkden told BBC Sport.
It's been amazing trying a new sport which still involves kicking and I love fighting.
It shows what can be achieved with these facilities, which are the best in the world, Lane told BBC Sport.
Lane believes people will love watching the fights, adding that it's absolute war out there. 
The team are also guided by former able-bodied European champion Andrew Deer.
But the funding body said it required additional time to analyse Britain's true medal prospects at the Tokyo Games.
All the guys in the locker room will give me a hard time and call me Robin Thicke or call me Justin Bieber.
Although the forward showers several times a day, he only washes his hair with shampoo and conditioner a few times a week.
He uses a combination of two products from Paul Mitchell -- a serum and a cream -- to mold it into his signature shape.
He changes the products he uses every few months so his skin doesn't become used to them, a tactic dermatologists often recommend.
Two of Mr. Butler's teammates, Roy Hibbert and George Hill, are fans of the Shea Souffle moisturizer from a brand called Carol's Daughter.
Before a recent game against the New York Knicks, the 7-foot-2 Mr. Hibbert pulled from his backpack a jar. in the almond cookie scent.
Geneticists extracted the DNA from a fossil thigh bone preserved in the cool damp at the bottom of a deep cave shaft.
In addition to denying workers water and wages, some companies have taken their ID cards and prevented them from fleeing. 
About 80 workers at one of Qatar’s most prestigious development projects have not been paid in 18 months, and they are starving. 
The dormitories in which South Asian laborers are housed are squalid and unhygienic, often packed with a dozen workers per room.
They only have the contract ripped up before their eyes as they are handed a second contract with big reductions in wages. 
FIFA has been conspicuously mute about the mistreatment of workers in Qatar, only recently calling the emirate’s labor practices “unacceptable”. 
Fortunately for soccer fans, there is still time to pressure Qatar to reform its legal regime and improve its treatment of migrant workers. 
A logical place to start would be to abolish the kafala system and to allow the free movement of labor within the country. 
In Qatar, and across the gulf region, thousands of nameless migrants toil in the desert to provide their families with a modicum of opportunity. 
In such a world of conflict, a world of victims and executioners, it is the job of thinking people, not to be on the side of the executioners. 
It won La Liga (the Spanish league title) this year, triumphing over Barcelona (home to Messi and Neymar) and Real Madrid (home to Ronaldo).
The more they celebrate the violation of basic rights like freedom of expression and the right to assemble, the more everybody loses.
They want to keep the crowds and revenue coming in during lean times when concerts and festivals are in short supply.
When parental sports spending goes up, it increases the likelihood either that the child will feel pressure or that the parent will exert it.
The study adds to a small but growing body of research suggesting that parents ought to temper their investments in youth athletics.
This finding is likely to baffle parents who view Tiger Woods and the Williams sisters as star-studded products of heavy parental investment.
At least in sporting arenas, the so-called tiger style of parenting that spares no expense in the pursuit of top-notch results.
A parent in the stands can help a child feel proud about doing well, as well as withstand the disappointments inherent in competition.
Greater parental spending tends to weaken a child's sense of ownership of his athletic career, sometimes destroying his will to succeed.
Dr. Dorsch is a former Cincinnati Bengals kicker who attributes his own athletic success in part to his parents' relaxed approach.
A mother in a home with gross annual income of $200,000 reported spending more than $20,000 on her 18-year-old daughter's volleyball career.
In turn, the daughter reported feeling a high degree of pressure (4 on a scale of 5) and low degree of motivation (2.5 on a scale of 5).
He has found that parents who hire private coaches and buy the most expensive shoes 'tend to be the same parents who are over-involved.
It makes mention of a study in which 13% of young tennis players reported that their parents had hit them after matches.
It found people working at a cycling workstation burned calories at 2.5 times the rate as when they simply sat and typed.
University of Utah researchers recruited 10 normal-weight undergraduates and faculty members who reported spending 6.3 hours a day, on average, at a desk.
A researcher is part owner in a company that is working with the university to develop a cycling workstation called an Active Desk.
Hong Kong beat Bangladesh, one of the top 10 teams in international cricket, in the opening match of the World T20 tournament.
With just two balls remaining in its innings , No. 9 batsman Haseeb Amjad hit a six in the final over to seal the biggest win.
If Hong Kong had managed to reach Bangladesh's total score sooner, Nepal would have qualified for the Super 10s instead of Bangladesh.
The International Cricket Council expanded the World T20 this year to provide a chance to play on a bigger stage for the minnows, or associate cricket nations.
In addition to Thursday's shock defeat to Nepal, Afghanistan defeated to Bangladesh in the World T20's opening match on March 16.
If Ireland wins the tournament on Friday, it will join a group with Sri Lanka, New Zealand, England and South Africa in the next round.
China has qualified for next year's Asian Cup in Australia even though it was handily beaten by Iraq on Wednesday night in Sharjah.
China had to rely on a second-half penalty from Zhang Xizhe and a favorable score in a match far away in Bangkok.
The Chinese team was trailing 0-3 and there are two goals by Younis Mahmoud and a goal from Ali Adnan on 59 minutes inside one hour.
The result put it in position to qualify for the Asian Cup ahead of China as best third-placed team in all groups.
The half was on the pitch and the other half was outside as we were monitoring the results of the other matches.
China would have qualified automatically if it had beaten Iraq as it was second in Group C before Wednesday's match in Sharjah.
The participation of such a huge and influential country will help achieve our goal of enthusiastically praising Asia's rich football culture.
In terms of overall medals, China finished 11th with nine medals, while on the gold medal count China was 12th winning three golds.
After missing out in earlier races Fan Kexin, the senior skater in the injured Wang Meng's absence, finally got an Olympic medal on Friday.
Despite there were four skiers in the men's freestyle aerials, China emerged with only a bronze in that event, won by Jia Zongyang.
Still, it was an improvement from Salt Lake City in 2002 and Nagano in 1998, when China won eight medals in the two Olympic games.
She finished the first run in one minute 44.86 seconds, and there is a lengthy 26.98 seconds behind race leader Tina Maze.
But allowances are made if a country has no other representatives and the skier has the requisite amount of points from FIS races.
That meant she finished last out of all of those who crossed the finish line, but a respectable 67 out of 90 racers overall. Encore!
The deep South Korean team, composed of Cho Ha-Ri, Kim Alang, Park Seung-Hi, and a teenage star Shim Suk Hee finished in 4:09.50.
Give them credit: The Dutch have chosen one of the few sports that a country of the Netherlands' size could dominate.
At least when the U.S. finishes out of the medals in a track relay at the Summer Games, someone drops a baton.
After all, there can't be any human reason why Norway doesn't win all the metal for both biathlon and cross-country skiing.
Jansrud was the only bright star for Norway on Sunday, skiing a magical run in super-G to win the gold medal.
The premise is that their top athletes can begin doing like the Dutch and win when they are supposed to win.
If there is one thing that these Olympic Games have lacked, it has been a plethora of great performances by big names.
China's three-time world champion and gold medal hopeful Li Nina had a brutal crash landing that left her motionless on the slope.
High temperatures in the mid-50's created soft quickly melted, and wet and soft playig field have an effect on the performance of the athletes.
Russian skier Maria Komissarova broke her back and dislocated a vertebra during a practice session on the freestyle course on Saturday.
With a rare spate of defeats in the Asian Champions League, Guangzhou Evergrande exited at the hands of Western Sydney Wanderers.
Lippi had to face suspension for confronting the referee on the pitch during last week's 1-0 loss in the opening leg of the quarterfinal in Sydney.
Even though Guangzhou's Brazilian striker Elkeson scored in injury time to give the host a 2-1 win, western Sydney Wanderers qualified for the semifinal thanks to its away goal.
The exit from the Chinese FA Cup came as early as the fourth round and there was less than three weeks after Mr. Ma's announcement.
Guangzhou Evergrande played against European champion Bayern Munich, a team filled with players who went on to win the World Cup for Germany in July.
Given that Brazilian player Muriqui, one of Guangzhou Evergrande's top scorers, is reportedly leaving for Qatar after four years with the club.
Beijing Guoan, like all the others in the region ,will find it increasingly difficult to keep up with the Italian after Guangzhou Evergrande infused.
Because, I mean, we loved our children, and chess was something we could do together, and just a hobby, like playing cards or anything else.
He had the ability to sit for a very long time to focus on one thing, even when he was small.
So we could speak to him if we wanted to talk with us; he could hear what we were talking about if he wanted to join.
There were a couple of times when I've lost and I've been complaining to my father about it. He told me that just get up and stop whining.
As she watched him play in a match,  what Sigrun could see was a little boy who looked unhappy, hunched over a board as if he were struggling.
Soccer's world governing body announced the punishment  about banning Luis Suárez from taking part in all soccer activities for four months on Thursday.
The behavior can't be tolerated at a FIFA World Cup when the eyes of millions of people are on the stars on the field.
The Disciplinary Committee took into account all the factors of the case and the degree of Mr. Suárez's guilt in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Code.
The referee missed the incident and took no action, even as Chiellini tugged at his jersey to expose the marks that he accused Suárez of making.
One of the most common complaints during this otherwise splendid World Cup is the amount of time players spend in embellishing injuries.
Fans of the world's most popular game know that this is just one of soccer's oldest and most universally despised tactics.
Turning a small foul into a death performance worthy of being acted in La Scala and it can draw cards for opposing players.
There were nine injuries in total that forced players to be substituted from the game and to be unable to play or potentially miss, a match.
There were 17 incidents in two games when a member of the Selecao was seen on the ground in pain -- the most of any country.
Los Catrachos spent the most time on the ground or being tended to by trainers: seven minutes and 40 seconds to be exact.
The nine players carried off in these matches, and five returned -- all in less than 90 seconds, including American DaMarcus Beasley.
So the European Commission decided it was time for the region's nations to join for the common good of the European Union.
Belgium, where many of EU's most important institutions are located, was rewarded with two selections, defender Vincent Kompany and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois.
Yuichi Nishimura, the Japanese referee in charge of the World Cup opener between Brazil and Croatia, has been criticized for his performance.
But the score was to be disallowed as Nishimura ruled that Brazil's goalkeeper Julio Cesar had been impeded by Ivica Olic.
Oscar scored a third goal for Brazil in the closing minutes of the match to round off a 3-1 victory for the host nation.
He refereed at the 2010 edition of the tournament in South Africa, and has also taken charge of matches at the Olympics.
FIFA, the sport's governing body, pulls referees from more than 40 countries for showing a sense of fairness to all of its member associations.
All referees chosen for the World Cup are the best in their respective associations, even if those associations feature far-from-elite competition.
The performance of any single World Cup referee might not matter so much if each game has several referees who can veto each other's opinions.
Although two linesmen run along the edge of the pitch raising flags to indicate offside and fouls, the referee is free to ignore those calls.
It was the guy's first enforcement in World Cup game, so maybe he got a little caught up in the moment.
If it's an NFL playoff game and there's a call in question, there will be a statement by the league from the referees.
In 16 matches against Germany in 2010, everyone knew that Englishman Frank Lampard's shot off the crossbar crossed the line in the round of 16.
During a crucial game between Manchester City and Barcelona in this season's UEFA Champions League, referee Jonas Eriksson made an important penalty.
Australia's Ben Williams, a PE teacher, took six months' leave without pay from his job to focus on the World Cup.
Besides demanding super levels of fitness, FIFA requires them to attend 16 training seminars in the buildup to the World Cup.
Once the World Cup begins, whether the judges can continue to enforce the law after the group match depends on their performance.
For the first time, this World Cup will use technology to settle close calls over whether a ball crossed the goal line.
Germany continues to guess what might have been if a Soviet linesman had gotten a better view of what turned out to be.
In the opening match, the Brazilian team, which has been the envy of the world for the past 70 years, has failed to show off their footballing talent.
A goal on a penalty kick by Neymar, his second goal of the match, was the turning point on a tense night for the hosts.
Just when it seemed that Croatia might survive with a draw, defender Dejan Lovren was whistled for dragging down Brazil's striker Fred.
Instead of technical wizardry and precision passing, there was tightness as Brazil kept falling victim to Croatia's attacks down the sidelines.
Croatia's Ivica Olic darted down the left side and fired a cross into the middle of the penalty area toward a sprinting Nikica Jelavic.
Chasing back to help defend, Brazil's Marcelo took his eye off the ball just long enough to let it hit his left foot and into the goal.
It includes a particularly violent one from Neymar to Luka Modric's left cheek that made the young star earn a yellow card.
In the 29th minute, Cesar nearly got beat on a header from 6 yards that easily could have come into the net.
Dribbling to his left, Neymar stunned Croatia with a searing shot across the grass, just passing Pletikosa's fingertips as he dived to his left.
With only Mexico and Cameroon left to play in the group stage, the Brazilians got past their biggest obstacle of the first round.
They are smart enough to know what awaits them after that in the knockout stage is going to require more effort from players not named Oscar and Neymar.
Eans should stay aware of emotional stressors that can have a negative physical impact, and try not to get too worked up.
You now feel like you could go out and continue to assert your dominance and reinforce that status and you get a bit reckless.
She says she makes a point of taking her time to leave the venue until the postgame traffic has died down some.
All participants were fans of Spain, the eventual champion-yet all still had elevated levels of cortisol, a hormone associated with stress, and testosterone.
The people who identified most strongly as fans released the most cortisol and were the most stressed, partly because they had no actual control.
Powerless fans may also find themselves losing self-control after a loss, including the ability to say no to a giant plate of nachos.
The study, published online in August in Psychological Science, looked at intake data from American households in 2004 and 2005 during the NFL season.
The 62-year-old hasn't missed an LSU game in 31 years, and even made the ones after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005.
We went in undefeated and wound up just losing and I swear, I feel like I played that game, I was so emotionally spent.
The story lines and the theater part of it is where they had a hard time with the blurred line of that.
I find that the shortest way to tell them is to say it’s an American version of the kung fu novel.
His verified account on the Weibo social media service recently featured videos of him training at WWE’s huge facility in Orlando, Fla.
It’s less about that and more about what you can do, personally, as a warrior and a figure in the ring.
The muscled coffee-colored stallion won six of Europe's most renowned races in 2009, including France's prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
His races have won prize money of roughly 6 million euros in just two years of racing that began in 2008.
Over the past several years, horse-industry insiders have looked to China as the next big market to save the sporting events.
A racecourse that was built a decade ago in the city of Nanjing has since been turned into a parking lot.
The three minutes when your own horse is on the racetrack is probably the most exciting three minutes you will ever have.
Tennis has been good to Li Na, but Li Na - the new Australian Open champion - has been even better to tennis.
Thanks for him giving up everything, just traveling with me to be my hitting partner, fix the drinks and fix the rackets.
The organizers of the Australian Open said Li was the most popular female player during the tournament in terms of social media attention.
She added that Singapore was chosen because of its record in hosting major sporting events, including the Formula One grand prix.
In an effort to promote the WTA's Singapore campaign, the organization has signed 18-time Grand Slam winner Chris Evert as its ambassador.
Ms. Li, who also won the 2011 French Open, shot to the top ranks of trending items on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo microblogging platform.
Sina Sports' official Weibo account touted Ms. Li as the first Chinese--and Asian--champion in the 100-year history of the Australian Open.
A Weibo user called Shuijin commented that the slightest difference between the final winner and other top players lies in the perseverance of everyday training and good spirits.
With Li Na's second Grand Slam championship, she has successfully surpassed Yao Ming and Liu Xiang...to become the No. 1 athlete of the great China.
In 1987, two of the finest athletes in the sport of curling arrived at a pre-Olympic camp with high hopes of representing Canada at the 1988 Winter Games.
At a time when cigarettes and beer were as much a part of curling as ice and brooms, the very notion of a pre-Olympic physical-conditioning test was controversial.
But when curling re-emerges on the world stage in Sochi next month, it will do so in the midst of a fitness revolution.
It's gotten to the point where it's actually rare, when you're at a high-level event, for two teams to go for a drink afterwards.
After a 56-year absence from the Winter Games, curling returned as a demonstration sport in 1988 and again in 1992, becoming a medal sport in 1998.
When he won the world championship in 1972, Meleschuk took his final shot with a lit cigarette dangling from his mouth as he slid onto the ice.
This was in an era when multiple ashtrays would be placed alongside the ice so that curlers wouldn't have to walk too far to find one.
I don't think the team that's in the best shape is going to be the best team, because there's so much more to curling.
Back in the '90s and the early 2000s, you could get away with not being so physically fit, because the people you were competing against weren't either.
In sweeping, two teammates furiously scrub the ice in front of a moving stone to reduce friction and help it travel further.
It is an incongruous place for an ambitious endeavor, based in a city that is home to more than a few palm trees.
The Winter Olympics will last more than two weeks of global winter sports competition, one of the biggest athletic stages on the planet.
As the opening ceremonies approach, there are reports of venues and hotels still incomplete, of nails being hammered as athletes and guests descend.
If the prelude to Sochi has a signature image, it is the oft-Tweeted photograph of two men's room toilets, unseparated by a wall or any privacy divide.
Paul Sonne offered an extraordinary and at times comical account of an Olympic media village and ski jump said to cost $2.3 billion.Must be some ski jump.
The buildup to the Games has shined a useful light on a backward law in Russia that prohibits 'propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations' around minors.
Not long ago, the mayor of Sochi, Anatoly Pakhomov, gave an interview in which he proclaimed that Sochi did not have any gay residents.
Mr. Pakhomov's most recent mayoral opponent, Alexei Navalny, told the Associated Press that this would be breaking news to Sochi's gay bars.
There have already been threats of terrorist attacks and a pair of bombings in the city of Volgograd, about 400 miles away.
Earlier in the week the Boston Globe's David Filipov took a tour of the area and found the security situation casual.
This is ordinarily a moment in which all pre-Games panic cedes to a genuine enthusiasm about the athletic events and athletes themselves.
There's an abundance of new disciplines in Sochi, among them snowboard slopestyle, women's ski jumping, team figure skating and biathlon mixed relay.
There is a push to make the Winter Olympics feel fresher and younger, to borrow some of the demographic magic possessed by events like the X Games.
Like White, the U.S. speed skater Shani Davis will be trying to become the first American man to win gold in the same event in three consecutive Winter Games.
Deserved attention will be paid to international stars like Russian hockey superstar Alexander Ovechkin and the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Bjoerndalen.
When the Games begin there is hope that Sochi will settle into a natural groove, the daily cycle of achievement and glory that gives the Olympics an irresistible rhythm.
Li Na ultimately beat her Swiss opponent (6-0, 7-6) with a backhand deep into the court, just out of Bencic's reach.
In the same section of the draw, Venus Williams of the U.S. was beaten in three sets by Russia's Ekaterina Makarova, the No. 22 seed.
He is encouraged by the estimate that his team will be able to sell $300,000 worth of commercial time for this fight.
Carlos Rodriguez figured it would be crazy to suggest the former Grand Slam champion make such a fundamental change to her game.
So fevered is the enthusiasm that Rolex appeared to have jumped the gun in calling a championship title for the world No. 4.
It is the title sponsor of some of the circuit's most prestigious stops, including the Shanghai Association of Tennis Professionals Masters.
The women's World No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 players have all been knocked out this year in Melbourne Park.
To Li Na: You are not relying on sugar daddies nor the Communist Party, nor your looks, nor by pleasing the referee or by luck.
Chinese tennis hero and newly crowned Australian Open champion Li Na stepped off the plane in her home province of Hubei on Tuesday.
Li Na found a delegation of provincial officials waiting for her with extended hands and a great big red check for 800,000 yuan.
A screenshot of Ms. Li holding the check and looking deeply unamused while standing next to Hubei Commist Party chief Li Hongzhong promptly went viral online.
Mr. Eisenbud secured endorsement contracts for Ms. Li worth at least $42 million following her victory at the French Open in 2011.
Ms. Li directed their ire at Hubei officials for wasting money in an attempt to ride the athlete's coattails with public money.
Asked to comment about the cash controversy Tuesday, an official in the Hubei provincial propaganda office said he didn't know where the money had come from.
LaPlaca said that he doesn’t even know Mandarin all that well, but when I hear them broadcast, it goes incredibly well.
The routine mostly remains the same, save for a little extra explaining of the concept of March Madness to a Chinese audience.
Zhou and Shi will do like a brief introduction to the Chinese fans to let them know how the N.C.A.A. tournament works.
I was able to show that my cartoon is actually where this phrase, which has been cited many times, comes from.
You see a phrase like ‘the language of dance’ and you ask: Is that a real language? Can anyone talk in it?
About every house or shop put up the yellow and green colors of the Brazilian flag to cheer on the national team.
They want to hear O Rei talk about his soccer life and what he thinks of the state of the game today.
The hundreds of thousands of Russians with tickets to the Winter Games have so far been more stoic than stoked, more Bolshoi than Boston Garden.
It is also difficult to compare with the deafening vuvuzela horns that blared at the South African soccer World Cup in 2010.
The biggest ruckus supported by the Russian fan house is the quiet thumping of the inflatable red, white and blue sticks it gives away.
Viktor Ahn is a favorite from the Russian team, with a roar that drowned out the bell for the start of the final lap.
In 2012, hundreds of people took to Moscow streets to celebrate Russia clinching the World Ice Hockey Championships with a victory over Slovakia.
At the 2006 Olympics in Turin, he won three golds and a bronze for the nation under the name Ahn Hyun-soo.
I will practice earnestly in order to show my best performance in the upcoming Olympic Games and not to regret my decision.
They planned to hire three Canadian curlers with no ties to the country, turn them into Russians and trot them out in Sochi.
It is indicative of the delicate balance Russia faced in trying to win as many medals as possible without offending national pride.
During the last Winter Games, Dimitry Svischev approached a Canadian coach named Patti Wuthrich about the possibility of coaching the Russian men.
Under the contracts, they would become Russian citizens and be paid annual salaries of just under $100,000 to curl full-time for Russia.
The committee is working to remedy congestion at centers where spectators pick up passes, particularly at the Olympic Park train station.
Traditional Winter Olympics medal powerhouses Russia, Canada, and the U.S. took the podium spots for the first ever Olympic team figure skating event on Sunday.
China's journey to a podium finish starts Monday with a match against the powerhouse Canadian team at 6 p.m., Beijing time.
It is the oft-Tweeted photograph of twin men's room toilets, unseparated by a wall or any privacy divide. Toilettes à deux.
There have already been threats of terrorist attacks and a pair of bombings in the city of Volgograd, about 400 miles away.
Earlier in the week the Boston Globe's David Filipov took a tour of the area and found the security situation, well, casual.
There have been reports of athletes urging friends and family to stay away, believing even a small risk isn't worth it.
Shani Davis will be trying to become the first American man to win gold in the same event in three consecutive Winter Games.
There were a delegation of provincial officials waiting for her with extended hands and a great big red check for 800,000 yuan.
Her win in Melbourne,in addition to earning her 2.65 million Australian dollars (US$2.3 million), looks set to add to her marketability.
Ms. Li has conspicuously failed to thank the motherland in her victory speeches and has repeatedly said she represents only herself.
They directed their ire at Hubei officials for wasting money in an attempt to ride the athlete's coattails with public money.
His races have won prize money of roughly 6 million euros ($8.2 million) in just two years of racing that began in 2008.
A course that was built a decade ago in the city of Nanjing has since been turned into a parking lot.
Mr. Tsui has spent the better half of his life outside of his native Hong Kong, racing horses in France, the U.K. and Ireland.
Many Chinese have looked for investments overseas rather than hobbies, and horse racing is a risk with the potential of little payoff.
It is no coincidence that the sport has experienced such rapid growth in Asia since Li started to reach the business end of Grand Slam tournaments.
To capitalize on the growing popularity of the sport in Asia, the WTA is moving its biggest event to the region for the first time.
Singapore will host the WTA Championships in October, having secured the rights for the season-ending event for the next five years.
She pocketed more than $2.3 million for her win in Melbourne, taking her career prize money earnings to nearly $16 million.
Thanks for him giving] up everything, just traveling with me to be my hitting partner, fix the drinks and fix the rackets.
Singapore won the rights to host the WTA Championship ahead of Tianjin, a city to the east of Beijing, and Monterrey, in northeast Mexico.
Singapore will hold the championship for five years, an expansion from the previous host, Istanbul, which held the event for three years.
No doubt that Li Na has helped take the foundation of the strategy and escalate it and move it far faster than I ever imagined.
The slightest difference between the final winner and other top players lies in the perseverance of everyday training and good spirits.
Ms. Li called out and thanked her agent 'for making me rich,' and her husband, whom she thanked for fixing her drinks and fixing her racquets.
It took a tie-break for Li Na, 31, to gain an advantage and ultimately beat her Swiss opponent (6-0, 7-6) with a backhand deep into the court.
Bencic is coached by her father and occasionally by Hingis's mother, whose tennis school she started going to when she was four years old.
Li, who put bags of ice around her neck during breaks, said she was lucky to play the first match of the day.
Li confirmed she had some doubts earlier this year about continuing her career after losing at the Aegon International tournament in the lead-up to Wimbledon.
Franklin was one of the three swimmers to break an American record in the first five days of the eight-day competition.
The Russian team first got a bronze medal in speedskating,then in luge, biathlon and a crown jewel-a gold in a sport.
At the Iceberg Skating Palace on Sunday night, Russia soundly defeated Canada and the U.S. to top the podium in the team event.
10 countries fielded one man, one woman, a pair and an ice-dance team, plus substitutions, to compete for a medal in the team event.
It was just enough for Yevgeny Plushenko to win in a field that lacked top rivals such as Canada's Patrick Chan or Japan's Yuzuru Hanyu.
Yulia Lipnitskaya is a 15 year-old rising star who racked up points in a dramatic free skate program set to 'Schindler's List' with solid jumps.
Ms. Abramyan and co-worker Elena Ionova bought their ticket at an Olympic ticket kiosk near the snowboard event they were attending.
The crowd of a few hundred thinned quickly, with few remaining when Putin appeared on the big screens briefly before his signal cut out.
Americans have won a medal in at least one of figure skating's marquee events, women's and men's singles, in every Winter Olympics since 1948.
The most consistent U.S. woman, Ashley Wagner, barely made the team after an error-filled performance at the national championships last month.
If there was a golden era for U.S. figure skating, it was the period after the tawdry drama of Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan.
In team figure skating, six-person teams, a woman, a man, a pairs couple and an ice-dancing couple, compete for the highest overall points.
Abbott, a seasoned veteran at 28, and Jason Brown, 19, who wowed the crowd at the nationals, are the U.S. men to watch.
The winner of the first gets a head start in the second equal to the margin of victory in the first.
This kind of trick skiing has revived the sport in recent years, so it's no surprise the IOC jumped at it.
After years of lobbying and a discrimination lawsuit, the IOC has allowed women to compete in ski jumping for the first time.
No Winter Olympic competition pits individual men and women against each other, but this year there are two new coed team events.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union Sochi began to deteriorate, until Russia won its bid in 2007 to host these Olympics.
The idea to bring the Games to Sochi was born when Putin and Russian metals tycoon Vladimir Potanin took a ski trip in Austria.
Putin would call the effort to transform the city of 358,000 into a cutting-edge Olympic venue 'the biggest construction site on the planet.'
The futuristic buildings were built on the grounds of what had been a state-run farm, with six main buildings in a compact circle around the medal podium.
It will take no more than 10 minutes on foot to reach any of the buildings from anywhere on the main site.
As with all Olympics, it is hard to tell at this stage if the wide-scale revamp of Sochi will have a positive long-term effect.
Russia has said it hopes the new facilities will make the resort a major draw for skiers well into the future.
The look and feel of the buildings will also say as much to the world about where Russia is at the moment as anything else.
The buildings have been trying to send the message that we are a normal country, we are powerful, we are not unlike others.
I'm interested in how much Russia really is in line with the rest of the world in this area, at least.
Whether to play it safe and perform a technically perfect run or routine, or go for broke, hoping to get kudos for being daring.
In most of the judged sports, the top and bottom scores given by the panel are thrown out and the rest are averaged for an overall score.
That wrinkle is a holdover from the Cold War era, when it was thought judges might let politics influence their scoring.
After a scandal at the 2002 Games in Salt Lake City, figure skating switched to a more-regimented judging and scoring system.
Which skiers do the best job of leaning straight out over their skis, maintaining symmetry and landing in the so-called "telemark" position?
Chinese athletes took home a total of 11 medals, five of which were gold, and helped China rank seventh in global medal standings.
Li Nina made a comeback last year after retiring with silver medals in aerials from the 2010 Vancouver Olympics as well as the 2006 Games in Turin.
Since finishing sixth at the Vancouver Olympics, the 23-year-old Xu Mengtao from Liaoning province has risen to the top of the sport.
At 28, Liu Zhongqing is the oldest member of the Chinese men's aerials team, which includes Jia Zongyang, Qi Guangpu and Wu Chao.
Wang Meng, the country's most successful winter Olympian, was ruled out of the Games after breaking her ankle in training last month.
Pang Qing and Tong Jian got engaged in 2011 when Tong proposed during a live television show called 'Art on Ice'.
Stars who play in North America such as Alexander Ovechkin and Evgeni Malkin will join forces with nine players from the Russian league.
Russian officials saw that a poor performance on home soil could mean the Olympics would damage Russia's image rather than burnish it.
Joseph Stalin devoted vast resources to developing world-class athletes and elite coaches as part of the Cold War soft-power battle with the U.S.
The Soviet Union began taking part in the Winter Olympics in 1956 and immediately shot to the top of the medal tables.
Victor Ahn has helped make a name for Russia in a sport that didn't exist in Soviet-era Olympics and therefore received scant state support.
The Wall Street Journal's medal projections for Sochi suggest the Norwegians will win 33 medals, one more than a strong team from the U.S..
The 'Knut vs. Goliath' battle between Norway and the U.S. in Sochi should make for one of the most entertaining Olympic medals races.
The U.S. will bring 230 athletes and challenge for medals in everything from speed and figure skating to alpine skiing and Nordic combined.
The Journal's forecasting system takes into account basic information such as the performances of athletes in recent national and international competitions.
Predicting outcomes of events that take place on slippery surfaces and on blades a few millimeters thick can be a fool's errand.
When the best talent goes into sports that the U.S. doesn't hear about and you have a good program, it makes sense.
U.S. medal totals jumped to 10 golds and 34 overall in Salt Lake in 2002 from six and 13 in 1998 in Nagano.
Even in the Soviet era, we didn't have as big a team for the Winter Olympics as we will have in Sochi.
Russia's top pro league has recruited the country's NHL stars, including Ilya Kovalchuk, back to the motherland to prepare for the Games.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said he would be watching closely as Alexander Ovechkin and Evgeny Malkin take on Team USA on Saturday, Feb. 15.
There is one thing Russian officials can strike off the list of things to worry about at this week's Winter Olympic Games in Sochi.
Officials are confident there will be no difficulty with alpine events or complaints about the quality of the powder on the ground.
The Russian meteorological agency had to create new radar models to be better able to forecast weather conditions in the unpredictable Caucasus Mountains.
The opening ceremony at the Winter Olympics on Friday will feature the music of a Russian pop duo that built its image around being lesbian.
The vague wording of the law means it could be applied to people of the same sex kissing in front of minors.
The t.a.T.u. had posted on their Twitter that they'd be performing at the opening but later removed the post and has refused further comments.
You can rely on The New York Times to bring the same fairness, the same level of scrutiny, the same independence.
If somebody would tell Ponikarovsky that he is going to be playing in China at some point, he would think the man is crazy.
Unprovoked, Ryspayev dropped Red Star forward Tomas Marcinko with a punch to the face less than three minutes into the game. 
With restrictions limiting cash transfers to foreign bank accounts, the team’s North American players spent a recent day off opening bank accounts in Hong Kong. 
That often includes a stop in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, where the team plane is refueled and assigned a new flight crew. 
The police officer grew up on Long Island but had never seen the marathon in person until he took up his post on Sunday.
As the group waited for an athlete support van to collect Zou and her racing chair, the wind picked up. 
None of the three knew that two months earlier Zou had stunned the field, and herself, by beating McFadden at the Paralympics. 
Daley, who was assigned to shield Zou, realized her racer had fallen behind the pack and circled back to find her. 
On Monday she was to fly home to China with her new merchandise and fond memories of New York and its people.
It’s a strategy that in recent years has become a major source of revenue for China’s online literature websites and writers. 
With online writing, you only need a few thousand characters to start off your book and to show your readers what you’re writing. 
We’re seeing more companies buying the rights from online authors and adapting their stories into movies, television shows and games. 
China’s model ― in which fans read daily updates of online novels― has not been replicated in any other country. 
For a long time, playing pickup basketball as an Asian-American guy involved the considerable likelihood that someone would call you Yao Ming.
At one point, I caught a pass on the move, juked to my left, then hopped to the basket for a layup.
Instead of saying thank you ― the two-word phrase we’re conditioned to expect in that situation ― he looked at me and said, “Jeremy Lin.”
It’s common as an Asian-American to feel like an unwilling participant in society’s lazy word association game: See someone Asian, say something Asian.
Lin has returned to the public eye here in New York as he prepares to begin his first season as a member of the Nets.
His narrative continues to resonate with Asian-Americans, in part, because of the way his skin color has shaped the substance of his life.
‘chicken lo mein’ or whatever, which is a really good dish, by the way, but I don’t like being called that.
On that day a group of men emerged from a bar near his restaurant on 14th Street and shouted to him, “Yo, Jeremy Lin.”
It reminds me of being called Long Duk Dong or reminds me of being called things like Jackie when I was a kid.
We remember all the residual messiness as people around us betrayed an inability, or a lack of desire, to treat him with basic decency.
A big crowd of autograph seekers perked up as they sensed me approaching and deflated again when they realized who it was.
If you think Lin and I look alike, you may be the type of person who thinks all Asian people look alike.
You wait for another Yao Ming, another Jeremy Lin, and another, and another, until maybe the names begin to lose their meaning.
For the most part, major sports in the U.S. seem to be at saturation points or are ebbing away from recent peaks.
Not only do owners see upside in the U.S., they see upside in making European teams more 'American' in how they operate.
Henry, who made his fortune in finance, also owns the Boston Red Sox, a Nascar racing group and the Boston Globe.
Teams that finish in the bottom of the league get 'sent down' and top teams from the division below get 'sent up' to the show.
TV viewership of the Premier League in the U.S. has surged but trails some NHL games and is miles from NFL ratings.
But Ni Xialian was not enough to convince her coaches that she could forge a career alongside the best players in her country. 
Last week, at the age of 53, Ni Xialian competed in her third Olympics, wearing for a third time the uniform of Luxembourg.
Players facing dim prospects in China have increasingly sought to extend their careers as both players and coaches in other countries eager to host them.
“After I lost my opportunity to get into the Chinese national team, I was still young, I still had my dream,” said Eugene Wang, 30.
At the moment, players who switch allegiances after turning 21 are not eligible to play in events like the world championships, the World Cup and the World Team Cup.
Weikert would like a single rule that allowed a player to compete for a new country after a lengthy period of residence.
Whether the rule changes or not, Weikert said he would like to do more to change the global imbalance in skill.
With the cooperation of the Chinese association, young, non-Chinese players could live and train in the country’s training sites for years at a time.
A 2014 study shows that we strike the ground with about 200 percent of our body weight running on the track.
You can help an ill friend by reassuring them and taking positive steps like calling a taxi and taking them to hospital as quickly as possible.
When you ask about something that started in the past but continues to the present time, you use the Present Perfect tense.
When calling someone at a hotel, it is common to ask to be put through to a room number rather than ask for a person by name.
The Greek flag is hoisted on the flagpole that stands to the right of the central flagpole used for the winners' flags.
In hotels, there may be phones for public use, some of which may be used for local calls while others may be used for international calls.
If you receive a misdialled call, for example, a business call for someone you don't know at your private number, you can say this sentence.
If you go to dinner with friends, and you have reason for not wanting to eat very much, you can explain in this way.
If you enjoyed being with a friend, but you didn't enjoy where you went, for example, a noisy restaurant, you can explain it in this way.
If you are staying in a hotel, the staff at the reception will be able to help you contact a doctor.
If you are on business, you will probably want to pay by credit card, and you may also need a receipt.
If the person you want to speak to on the phone is not available, you can ask to leave a message.
Head east and go all the way along Chang’ an Avenue, at the end the World Trade Center is on your left.
But remember, there will be Olympic events all over the Beijing, The football will be at the Worker’s Stadium, for instance.
At the end of a meal, the waiter will assume that when you call him, you want the bill and might say this.
A doctor or a pharmacist may ask you to explain exactly what is wrong, for example, whether you have a pain.
I hope that the sports organizations will then soon be authorized to use the information contained in the Puerto Report to take the necessary disciplinary sanctions2 against the guilty athletes.
It risks drying out the recruitment of sport, as, one day, parents might refuse to send their children to sports clubs.
Recent studies indicate the same dynamics3 that exist in professional sports are emerging in high school and university sport programs around the world.
As an advocate for sport and athletes around the world, the International Olympic Committee is unwavering in its commitment to combat doping in sport.
We established the Court of Arbitration for Sport, introduced out-of-competition testing and funded early research into doping trends and detection methods.
In 1999,we organized a World Conference on Doping in Lausanne to harmonize anti-doping rules across the world of sport, and we called for the support of governments.
These measures include the denial of participation in the next Olympic Games for athletes and their entourage who have been sanctioned for more than six months.
Our effort to eliminate doping among athletes during the 16 days of the Olympic Games is of course a necessary component of an effective, international anti-doping agenda.
A number of International Federations and National Olympic Committees still need to implement some aspects of the WADA Code to be fully compliant.
I urge the International Federations and National Olympic Committees to accelerate their efforts to achieve full compliance with WADA's guidelines by 1 January 2009.
The same year the IOC asked for the support of the Italian authorities to pursue those involved in a complex doping operation during the Turin Games.
