Our company mainly deals in arts and crafts.
We would be glad to start business with you.
We have mainly adopted some usual international practices.
We are thinking of expanding Into the Chinese market.
This information is certain to help increase our future cooperation.
Thank you for your letter conveying congratulations on my appointment.
However, the Sellers shall inform immediately the Buyers by cable.
Fourth,we'll maintain and improve a fair and open market environment.
Today， its share is approaching ten percent.
Today， China is the productive center.
The phenomenon is natural and not to be reversed.
It does， however， pose some difficult questions.
Sino-American trade has roughly tripled since WTO membership.
Or is China the winner and the US the loser?
Fifth， do not politicize economic and trade issues.
Take the problems of our trade imbalance for example.
Others see globalization as a risk.
China's financial assets totaled 375 trillion yuan.
China is a country that honors its commitments.
I did all my research.
The transaction lasted less than 30 minutes.
Indeed， something new and different is happening around us.
Of course，there's the down side.
It does not mean inflation is dead.
Nobody is promising you a rose garden.
Internet commerce immediately opens global and more efficient markets.
We as consumers have benefited from that.
Interest rates are close to zero.
And so, it appears, the only thing left is devaluation.
Japan's problems are acute indeed.
Japanese unemployment is at an historical high.
The number of Chinese-invested enterprises in the U.S.has surpassed 700.
It is not in charge of protecting other economies
But the cost of labor in the U.S.is high.
It sounds like Mission Impossible:Sell coffee to China's tea drinkers.
Its main advertising medium is the store itself.
Starbucks also faces an uphill battle.
The problem is caused by defects in the system.
Those that meet the conditions can go public.
Capitulations don't occur in every market cycle.
Finally a bull market sets in.
The 1990-1991 market slump fits that pattern.
It took a quarter-century to recover lost ground.
A similarly frustrating thing took place in the 1970s.
Eight months later a recession arrived.
We are by nature momentum investors. 
But discounted stocks aren't necessarily a bargain.
Despite all,you can take advantage of a bear market.
The tax collector will share your pain.
Don't put much stock in short-term speculations.
The Argentine economic collapse has important lessors.
Is More Growth Really Better?
Yet faster growth does mean more wealth.
Most people the desirability of wealth is beyond question.
As one well-known economist put it.
Technological innovations may offer to add to men's material opportunities.
Increased mobility has led to more hours commuting.
Increased automobilization to increased separation.
More television to less communication.
Distant events often have an immediate and significant impact.
Today the cost is insignificant.
Advances in communications instantly unite people around the globe.
Improvements in transportation are also part of globalization.
Advances in information technologies have also lowered business costs.
Migration is a major feature of this era of globalization.
There had been too much publicity about their relationship.
She was more royal than the royals.
I have, however, seen a superbly majestic and beautiful sunrise.
How is this story linked to globalization?
In fact, Thailand's forestry chief thinks globally and acts locally.
The tourism industry is demonstrating this all too well.
Trade protectionism begins to prevail when economic depression occurs.
Most countries allege legal validity in their anti-dumping actions.
Multilateral Cooperation Is Key to Resolving Global Financial Imbalances
The U.S.takes intellectual property as a fundamental national strategic resource.
Seven days later the police launched another rescue attempt.
He nodded silently and then left.
My admiration for him grew with the passage of time.
We'll discuss your proposal when the whole thing is over.
I observed it with a blend of fascination and horror.
An international perspective has become central to management.
Most firms will be employing more foreign nationals.
Production workers must be able to do statistical quality control;
Production workers must be able to do just- in-time inventories.
They pay attention to conservation, environmental protection and CSR fulfillment.
Since the 1980s, CSR has become to a global trend.
It is a vital source of sustained prosperity for business.
This limitation is commonly called the manager's span of control.
These are often called staff departments.
Thank you for your attention.
The effects of innovation are accumulative.
This reminds me of the dinosaur.
The functions of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority are threefold:
—the maintenance of banking stability, through bank supervision ;
I can see three key issues.
With all due respect to them, I beg to disagree.
All these services are difficult to measure statistically.
In the 19th century, railroads were the big innovation.
Let me give you examples of four innovations.
We saw that Canada-U.S.trade and trade with Mexico was growing.
3.Franchise innovationFor one thing, it lets us redefine our franchise.
Hewlett-Packard transfers about 600 people a year across national borders.
The transferred executive then gets whichever pay packet is highest.
Some perceive the Chinese as inflexible and unreliable.
We must act as an industry.
E-business in the chemical industry is coming of age.
But there's still a long way to go.
And in many respects, the technology is the easy part.
E-business is just the latest chapter in the IT revolution.
Only then will we make the leap in perception.
The collective mindset of our industry must change.
E-business is not just a technology trend.
Nor is it just a way to save money.
And we have a unique window in understanding the future.
This is just what I want to discuss with you.
This tends to complicate my business.
At present, China is at an important stage of development.
Interrelation in the present-day world is increasing.
Nowadays the world is developing and changing faster and faster.
Competition of all kinds has become extremely fierce.
I wish the Convention a complete success.
I came here first in 1988.
Take urban development for example.
Most companies would not even do it.
In Asia, he is a marked man.
I have seen examples of that — it's very real.
I joined the semiconductor industry in 1955.
Of course, the term high technology industry was pretty new.
Along with the semiconductor industry, came the computer industry.
The computer industry had bigger companies, principally IBM.
Semiconductors made the computer, as we know it today possible.
We were in our hey-days.
We were in the news.
IBM was late in PCs;
So, the PC industry, independent of IBM, sprang up.
That period lasted only about 10 years.
What has happened to Asia in all this time?
What has Asia done during the forty-year period?
We were doing that, including Japan, in the sixties.
The rest of Asia was even further behind than Japan.
We seem to be doing pretty well.
We have sort of kept our distance.
So in doing so, we are doing reasonably well.
What news have you brought on the problem of payment?
If only that were true.Enron tumbled down.
Their conclusion so far is like this:
Jeffrey K.Skilling assumed Enron CEO in early 2001.
The new entrepreneurial culture encourages the "loose and tight" environment.
The environment was ripe for abuse.
Then, what constitutes entrepreneurial culture?
I'd like to stop here and take your questions.
How many of you buy bonds?
More and more people show great interest in bonds investment.
Equities and government bonds are well suited to some investors.
But many investors fall somewhere between these two extremes.
Credit rating agencies play an important role in this process.
The two main agencies are Moody's and Standard & Poors.
Liquidity is also an important factor.
Buy stocks or bonds?Make your own decision.
What makes Silicon Valley so successful and unique?
What makes Silicon Valley such a unique entity?
I think there are several crucial factors.
Without these advantages, the Valley would be a different place.
Many regard this as the foundation of a successful enterprise.
The valley's professionals are among the most hardworking people anywhere.
Paper qualification, though useful, is not a be-all-and-end-all.
I'm very happy to see such a large audience.
A stock is an ownership share in a business.
Over the long-term, the stock market has always increased.
The NASDAQ Composite Index is also a major stock index.
We just have to be a little bit more patient.
Shenzhen is a scenic beach resort in South China.
The average annual temperature there is 22℃.
There are greens and flowers throughout the year.
Shenzhen is a city with seaport, airport and inland port.
It is located in downtown area of the city.
The total construction area tops 280,000 square meters.
The largest hall is around 30,000 square meters.
The trade volume amounted to about3.552 billion US dollars.
More than 160,000 persons have surfed the website of ECF.
West Wing is a grand three-story standard exhibition hall.
SIF is held every November in Shanghai.
The whole exhibition district is well designed and thoroughly functional.
City Conference & Exhibition Centre possesses a professional staff.
APEC is making steady progress.
Now, I would like to make a few observations.
Openness is in the tradition of Asian cultures.
I wish to share with you some of my thoughts.
Better regional economic cooperation is reaffirmed by past experience.
Knowledge increasingly becomes the decisive factor of economic development.
May Asia have a shining future!
Well, here we go again!
But do our people still suffer from poverty?
I'm afraid our answer remains Yes!
So what are the reasons then?
They are to be practiced and implemented.
There is no time for preaching.
That right will never be realized without appropriate financing.
Many well-recognized large companies spin the same wheel of chance.
The problem is that the right opportunities are rarely given.
Avoid a soft, non-pragmatic approach to foreign trade partners.
Don't accept underperformance and mediocrity from your international representatives.
Invariably, this is a mistake.
Mr.Branson loves nothing more than a daunting challenge.
he views the impossible as just another business opportunity.
His trademark is outlandish publicity stunts.
He will do almost anything to promote the Virgin brand:
Therefore, it is time for the yuan to appreciate.
They were accused of taking American jobs.
Then the Mexicans were accused.
An argument of this kind can hardly hold water.
Major technical symposiums will be held concurrently during the Expo.
Our country has become a major iron and steel producer.
New patterns of sustainability needed to be inculcated.
A transformational shift was needed.
Improvements, however, are not limited to goods-producing industries.
However, incentive plans have not always led to organizational improvement.
First, incentive plans sometimes fail to satisfy employee needs.
he total national strength of China has been greatly enhanced.
The consumer price index was at -0.4% in 2002.
There are two factors which contribute to this trend.
Secondly, China has an outstanding labor cost advantage.
Here, I would like to make some observations.
Economic development is the primary task of Asian countries. 
The Chinese people love peace.Ghina's development needs a peaceful environment.
They are generally conducive to world economic development.
This is a sensible and well-grounded view.
The people inAsia are diligent, talented and persistent in self-development.
Soybean has rich nutrients, is honored as king of bean.
More time preserved, more high quality.
Corn has a high content of fiber.
This tea has the functions of preventing and curing influenza.
The flour is produced from Shanxi northwestern loess plateau.
The product is prohibited during driving.
Once you feel uncomfortable, please stop using it immediately.
Do not disassemble the device in any case.
Different heights and thickness, same width.
All done only by one hand.
Welding quality is not stable, relying on skill of workers.
Welding is time-consuming, influencing the progress of project.
All accessories can disassemble and be re-used.
Even the most finicky child will love this California Baby Shampoo and Bodywash.
Tea tree has anti-bacterial and healing properties.
French lavender is calming and soothes frazzled feelings.
Probiotics are responsible for 70% of our immune response.
This product will pay its own way in a year.
Creat a healthy life space for your family.
It has a great balance of sweetness and acidity.
Remove this wrapper before placing it inside a microwave oven.
ChristianDior, the French brand, is synonymous with finery women dress.
 Enjoy the refreshing taste of Doblemint gum.
Today, the classic Doublemint flavor lasts longer than ever.
It can be talked if the purchasers have other requirements.
The Characteristics of LED illumination are introduced here.
Its basic structure is an electro luminescent semi-conductor materials.
It is particularly applicable to public.
Compared with the incandescence lamp the energy consumption reduces 80%.
There is no harmful metal mercury.
Changing the electric current can change the color.
We are manufacturer of all kinds of shopping bags.
Its impact strength is 10 times of the ordinary glass.
The product is made in a special technique.
The product is convenient for operation and maintenance.
Never leave your iron unattented when connected to the supply.
Do not overfill with water, maximum capacity is approximately 200ml.
Keep children and pets at a safe distance.
It looks plump and clear, and tastes crisp and delicious.
Li-ion battery can charge up to 500 or more times.
Keep it sealed and put in cool place.
Observe sterile technique at regular intervals when using this product.
We look forward to receiving your quotation very soon.
I hope that we can cooperate happily.
I hope that we can continue our cooperation.
We hope that this market trend will continue.
We hope that you will deal with our request earnestly.
We hope to receive your immediate answer.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
Your early settlement of this case will be appreciated.
This machine will pay back your investment in six months.
This material has a durable and easy to clean surface.
These items are most salable in our market.
The main products our corporation deals in are electrical appliances.
Our company is mainly engaged in agricultural products.
We specialize in the export of table-cloths.
Our specialization is the exportation of Chinese silk garments.
We are engaged in the import and export of machinery.
We specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts.
We also take on a variety of silk piece goods.
Electronic products fall within the scope of our business activities.
We also do export business of hand made woven articles.
Our products are surely of standard quality.
Pleas quote us your lowest price for fertilizers.
We are anxious to get an offer for your products.
What price could you quote us on two dozen sets?
How much are you asking for this brand of ties?
If we order 10,000 units, what will be your offer?
What’s the price for 1000 kilos of white sugar?
Pleas inform us what special offer you can make us.
Pleas inform us of your lowest price CIF London.
This offer is firm (open, valid) for 5 days.
We have the offer ready for you.
We have the pleasure in offering you our product.
We give you a price of $1440, FOB Chicago.
Our average wholesale price is $180 per unit.
Your price really leaves no margin for reduction whatsoever.
Your price compare unfavorably with your competitor’s.
Your offer is wider than we can consider.
We find your prices are too high to be acceptable.
The quotation submitted by you is too high.
Your price is beyond our expectation.
The price you offered is entirely unworkable.
There is little likelihood of concluding business at your price.
Our price is fixed on a reasonable level.
Our products are moderately priced.
This is the best price we can give you.
The price has been reduced to the limit.
Our price is already on its lowest level.
There is little scope for further reducing the price.
We cannot make any further discounts.
Sorry, we generally do not quote on a discount basis.
We can’t make any allowance for this lot.
I’m afraid there is no room to negotiate the price.
Isn’t it possible to give us a little more discount?
We hope to get your best offer for bicycles.
We invite quotation of the lowest price.
There’s a 10% discount if you order in volume.
Our quotation is subject to 5% commission.
Business it quite possible if each side makes some concessions.
We may consider making some concession in our price.
After serious consideration, we can accept your counter-bid.
We are prepared to reduce the price to $7.21
This is our official trial order for 500 computers.
We need iron nails of all sizes.
This is the confirmation of your order place last week.
We have booked your order No 267 for optical instruments.
It is hard for us supply the amount you need.
We can represent your chemical products if you agree.
We have many advantages to act as your sole agent.
We have sufficient canvassing abilities to be your sole agent.
We are not inclined to consider any questions concerning agents.
The time is not yet mature to discussion of agency.
We think your draw contract needs some modification.
Both versions of this contract are equally authentic.
Isn’t it better to word it in this way?
We proposed to pay by 30 d/s.
We would prefer you to pay in US dollars.
We require immediate payment upon presentation of shipping documents.
We propose paying by TT when the shipment is ready.
Full payments must be made within 60 days.
You are requested to pay $5,000 as a down payment.
Would you agree to a 30-day credit period?
We hope to payment by bill of exchange at 30d/s.
The machines are to be insured against all risks.
We only cover FPA and war risk.
Can you cover our goods against breakage?
We require the current insurance rates for land transportation.
What is the insurance premium for these goods?
Please let us know the premium of breakage.
What kind of insurance do you usually provide？
We shall insure the goods for your behalf.
The marine insurance shall covered by us.
Cases must have an inner lining of stout, water-resistant paper.
I would suggest you strengthen the carton with double straps.
Is your normal packing still ten dozen per carton?
The packing must be able to withstand rough handling.
The packing must be in line with local market preference.
The cartons lined with plastic sheets are waterproof.
These cartons are well protected against moisture by plastic lining.
As requested, the shirts will be packed in waterproof material.
The cartons are comparatively light, and therefore easy to handle.
We refer carton packing to wooden case packing.
Can you effect shipment of the order in October?
Please send us the shipment by train.
Please get the goods dispatched with the least possible delay.
Please do your utmost to hasten shipment.
Where do you want to have arbitration held?
We should include an arbitration clause in the contract.
Shall we discuss the arbitration clause now?
The landed goods were quite different from what expected.
There are too many defective items in this shipment.
The package are insufficient and the contents leak out considerably.
There is a shortage of 1,450 pounds in this shipment.
Case NO 16 was found to be 3 packages short.
We hope indemnification will be made for all expenses incurred.
We claim compensation of $1,800 for inferiority of quality.
You should compensate us by 3%, plus the inspection fee.
We will give your request for claims immediate attention.
We agree to accept all your claim.
You should claim compensation from the insurance company.
Shall we discuss technology transfer brief now?
By advanced technology, we mean both industrial property and know-how.
Expenses for the technology transfer shall be fair and reasonable.
The technology transfer fee shall be paid in royalties.
Yet that logic seems faulty on two levels.
it would actually increase the number of potential bottlenecks.
The police estimated another 30,000 people.
They want to top the medal table too.
some of which they are creating themselves.
Hopefully, some of them will fly.
If so, its gambit failed.
In November GM’s share price fell to $.
Mr. Obama barely mentioned Kenya in a favourable light.
The answer may never be known.
The truth is far messier.
This clause called for mutual non-interference.
Yet Volvo’s revenues are five times greater than Geely’s.
...and many elements remain controversial.
AS JANUARY goes, so goes the year.
Within the DPJ, grounds for opposing Mr. Muto vary.
and makes managing inventory a much simpler and cheaper affair.
are under secret political control.
but the Chinese art market bucked the trend.
No such incentives exist in Britain.
The new chairman will shake up the company.
Pride is a main factor.
The games seem to have been cursed.
This has the makings of a disaster.
What on earth was he doing there?
The investment guru’s ideal holding period is forever.
A crowded calendar of multilateral talkfests looms.
Fans are also given privileged access to news.
The level of violence has also declined slightly.
Harry Potter will not be easy to follow.
INEXPERIENCED new presidents can get their timing wrong.
are willing to pay a premium to achieve that.
China also became he world’s largest exporter.
This calculation puts inflation at about 7%.
This is the smallest fall in two years.
2010 will be a year to forget.
The main arteries in Port-au-Prince are blocked by rubble.
In theory, their incomes should match.
He draws his hand across his neck.
manufacturers are ramping up production.
Yet caution is in order.
Financing the gap may not be easy.
3-D television looks more wonderful still.
The debate is often bitter.
China, however, remains to be convinced.
Goldman found comfort in announcing a $5 billion quarterly profit.
She tags her boy friend around.
Teaming up with China would help spread the risk.
The economics of the new tax are trickier.
The loudest roar has been aimed at Japan.
I’ve not eaten for over 1hours.
But the benchmark still matters.
minority shareholders may be keener for an exit.
They are simply too irritating.
only the United States has more billionaires than China.
Enterprising families do take advantage of the policy.
But visitors are staying away.
last year’s economic downturn was relatively mild.
once the euro zone was in full swing.
man learned to be an opportunist.
Too much familiarity breeds contempt.
In the new play there are layers of collaboration.
cashflows to shareholders will increase.
though that estimate is lower than previous forecasts.
a suitcase containing crude explosives.
Sino-Japanese trade was held up by unusually thorough customs inspections.
Some complaints will be brushed aside.
his country believes North Korea was responsible.
520 of them have been woman and children.
But the real activity has been in the secondary market.
Demand for industrial salt is steady and predictable.
Doubts over the wine's provenance soon emerged, though.
The Korean won would strengthen one for one.
This is an inconceivable price before Mr. Varin’s arrival.
let alone engaging in a “silent takeover” of the state.
On capital there is room for compromise.
None of this was evident at first glance.
That is what many in Germany had long feared.
Too much familiarity breeds contempt .
GEEKS are salivating with anticipation.
POLAND elects a new president on Sunday 20th.
A Brachiosaurus slimmed down from 32 tonnes to 16.
A Christian gesture of support for the president?
A Democrat won the race.
A MIDDLE-AGED man felt chest pains.
A NATO country would be a bonus.
A YEAR ago, the way forward seemed clear.
A bank’s franchise value is one form of capital.
A better measure of capital efficiency is profitability.
A bid to be taken seriously.
A big part of his charm is his life story.
A big reason is language.
A big renewal programme is also under way.
A big snag is a shortage of qualified staff.
A bigger problem for them is competition.
A bigger trend is medicalisation.
A blessing in disguise, then?
A book to savour and pass on.
A boom there has been, but not an industrial one.
A bulletin board turns out to be a painting.
A bust in tax revenues has swiftly followed the boom.
A carbon tariff, for example, would be hard to implement.
A cautious, status-quo mentality is where the two parties overlap.
A cemetery burial emits a mere 39kg.
A chancellor has also been appointed.
A change in employers' attitudes would help too.
A change in its stance makes waves.
A change of heart still looks unlikely.
A cheaper currency may help.
A construction boom has turned to bust.
A crunch came last year.
A day later, a clan leader was shot dead.
A deal was quickly struck.
A decision is due early next year.
A decision is expected in October.
A diabolical pact between an insect and two viruses.
A digital clock ticks loudly on the screen.
A diminished franchise is not only bad for shareholders.
A drama is certain.
A drawn-out game is now about to start.
A few advances can, however, be chalked up.
A few big banks are trying to improve.
A few conclusions can be drawn from all this.
A few cracks are starting to appear.
A few date back centuries.
A few western enterprises have not yet cashed out.
A few lecturers have been improvising to catch up.
A few months later, the credit crunch hit.
A few were even elected.
A few senators were rescued by helicopter.
A fifth suspect will stand trial in a separate case.
A final tension between America and Japan concerns trade.
A final version will be announced on May 20th.
A first set of letters came out five years ago.
A fixed number of permits would be auctioned each year.
A formal inquiry may follow.
A fortunate coincidence, perhaps.
A free-trade agreement is under negotiation.
A fresh election is expected next term.
A fresh initiative goes one step further.
A further 423 employees had been disciplined.
A further 60 or so are under construction.
A further four members will be appointed.
A furtive activity could become mainstream.
A future president could do the same.
A geek is obsessed and pulls things apart.
A generation has grown up in free and law-governed societies.
A global commodities slump depressed prices.
A good length is at least eight symbols.
A government health scheme could offer much lower prices.
A growing number of countries are determined to stop their currencies from rising.
A handful are tourists.
A handful of congressmen have called fruitlessly for him to be fired.
A higher rate, often the cost of borrowing money, is more common.
A human being may still be a handful of dust.
A hurricane can amplify a wave to a few storeys.
a cigarette which contains cannabis or marijuana.
A key potential area of controversy will be military spending.
A key theme will be how to establish a “harmonious society”.
A lack of openness is common.
A large asteroid strike would do yet more damage.
A large scholarly literature has found that this is true.
A large tax bill has to be paid.
A long round of donor conferences lies ahead.
A lot of attention goes to language.
A lot of consumers would still like to speak to a human being.
A lot of hopes are resting on the offshore oil industry.
A lot of money has also been wasted in the past six years.
A lot of the early technology was borrowed.
A lower court said no to the request.
A man was lying next to her.
A modern musician could pick it up and play it.
A modicum of anxiety about its ambitions is more than just coldwar paranoia.
A moratorium on deep-water offshore oil drilling was then imposed.
A more cordial separation is hard to imagine.
A more recent revelation concerned race.
A more rugged beauty, perhaps.
A move in that direction now seems to be under way.
A new clinic in Denver may face similar problems.
A new constitution needs writing.
A new influenza virus is spreading across the globe.
A new market had sprung up out of nothing.
A new opportunity to sell stuff looms.
A new speaker will be chosen on June 22nd.
A number of explanations have been proposed.
A number of regulators launched investigations.
A paperback version should be available next year.
A peaceful official response is most unlikely.
A perky character, one might say.
A plausible explanation is size.
A prolonged drought would be another matter.
A rare character might not show up on the list.
A repeat is not on the cards.
A repetition to last year's boom is unlikely.
A revaluation has costs.
A rift opens between him and the author.
A rough ride is in prospect.
A royal visit as republicanism rises.
A run-off vote will be held on July 4th.
A scheme that extends the grace period for small firms to pay tax will be extended for a year.
A second Great Depression seemed to beckon.
A second group of winners is made up of companies with a record of innovation.
A second problem is the preponderance of family-controlled firms.
A second trend is competitive emulation.
A senior Hamas man waxed eloquent.
A show to look at over and over.
A similar consensus is beginning to emerge on education.
A similar idea is being explored by the European Commission.
A slightly warmer relationship between the West and Russia.
A smell of burnt flesh was to be expected.
A soldier lowers his rifle.
A son is a different matter.
A spate of strikes has thrown a spanner into the workshop of the world.
A staggering 60% are submerged in Las Vegas.
A standard diagnosis of autism requires three things to be present in an individual.
A sticky summer will be followed by a long winter.
A striking trend emerges.
but Mr Maree’s business cards are now in both English and Chinese.
A tax amnesty can winkle out cash.
A tax increase might also be inadvisable.
A temperature gauge reads 1,127°C.
A template for such a fund already exists.
None of thses needs repeating.
A third myth is that clubs cannot buy success.
A transitional government has been appointed.
A vote on the overall bill is expected shortly.
A week earlier its yields were below 5%.
A well-publicised hunt turned up no clues.
A whole generation had missed their education.
A wider crackdown against the opposition seems to be under way.
A wishlist is easily drafted.
A withdrawal would also cast a new light on Google itself.
A word of caution may be in order.
A yoctonewton is a septillionth of one newton.
A young labour force has new aspirations.
A younger man may be the one to attempt that.
A “catch two-and-twenty” is at work.
ACCOUNTING has become political.
AFTER the vote, the ceremony.
ALIVE does not mean well.
ALL night they battled.
ALLERGIES cause heaps of trouble.
AMD had outflanked Intel in several respects.
AMD is taking similar steps.
AMERICA fosters competition; Europe protects competitors.
AMERICA is used to making the economic weather.
AMERICANS are an optimistic lot.
AND what was the Minotaur?
ANSES performs another function, too.
ANXIOUS father shuts his eyes.
ARISTOTLE believed that the heavens were perfect.
ARM has a record backlog of orders.
AS PREDICTED, Serbia's government has collapsed.
ASEM has yet to prove its necessity.
AT FIRST glance, hospitals seem an unattractive business.
AUTUMN in Thailand is coup season.
Aabar was not just interested in space tourism.
Abbé Pierre was possessed by love.
Able pupils have also been shortchanged.
About 200 people have lost their jobs.
About 70% of China’s electricity supply comes from coal-fired power stations.
About a quarter of judges are female.
About three seconds, was the answer.
Above all, it will be scarcer.
Above ground things look better, too.
Abroad will have to look after itself for a while.
Abroad, there are merger opportunities—and complications.
Absolutism and divine right were under attack.
Academic excellence is likely to be the first victim.
Short-wave radio is a signal example.
Shorter-term targets are therefore more important.
Shorting domestic stocks is illegal.
Should they be registered?
Sierra Leone is desperately poor.
Signals count for much.
Signs of aggression continue.
Signs of progress are few.
Similar allowances must be made for other domestic robots.
Similar confusion appears to have broken out again.
Similar demands have not yet been heard this time.
Similar protests occurred in other towns across the country.
Similar talk is heard today.
Similarly today, panic is likely but unhelpful.
Simply being surrounded by others is no cure.
Since May there has been a slight cooling of prices.
Since then matters have only got worse.
Since then that share has fallen to just over half.
Since then there has been a change.
Since then things have got worse.
Since then, parents have voted with their feet.
Since then, the central government has begun to act.
Since then, they have rallied strongly.
Singapore still has plenty of green space it could build on.
Singles were few and cost almost as much as albums.
Sinners could lose access to ECB support.
Sir Frank is affectionate, but not uncritical.
Sit down and take a deep breath.
Six of them were killed.
Six others await trial.
Six out of ten of them are black.
Six weeks later Mr Meinl was called in for questioning and arrested.
Skulduggery of this kind is not exactly new in Turkey.
Sky's share price shot up.
Slot developers understand the power of branding.
Slovakia's political landscape has changed.
Slowing exports will affect domestic spending.
Slowly, however, China seems to be changing its approach.
Slowly, these ideas caught on.
Slumping investment may slow the pace of innovation.
Small banks have no such comfort.
Small firms are nervous.
Small groups cannot afford lawyers.
Small wonder corporate Japan is looking elsewhere.
Small wonder that unemployment has increased along with employment.
Smaller firms, in particular, suffer.
Smart meters also help to curtail the theft of electricity.
Smith argued, instead, that society taught man to be good.
Smith's intellectual challenge was again French.
Smog is back with a vengeance.
Smoke billowed out of a shopping centre.
Smoothness was essential.
So America pushed forward with sanctions.
So Greenland has a singing prime minister.
So Indonesia has an image problem.
So Iran has been bombarding it with goodwill.
So Kangxi's forces returned.
So Mr Roberts did so instead.
So Mr Thaksin is on the back foot.
So Mr Zander's resignation did not come as a surprise.
So Mr Zuma is safe for now.
So Mrs Clinton had her work cut out.
So Pakistan turned to China.
So any virus would spread.
So athletes are right to be worried.
So caveats abound.
So could a strong yen.Meanwhile, the threat of deflation is increasing.
So far 50 have been sold.
So far it seems to be working.
So far the damage may be limited.
So far the experiment has worked fairly well.
So far there has been little other progress.
So far there is little to cheer.
So far you have been falling; now you are ready to fly.
So far, most have stayed.
So far, neither is forthcoming.
So far, not much is evident.
So far, not much.
So far, policymakers are unmoved.
So far, so conventional?
So far, so predictable.
So far, so uncontroversial.
So far, though, it has few takers.
So first reactions have been cautious.
So he is no threat to Mr Tusk.
So hospital stays are beyond the means of many.
So how do you get your hands on power?
So how fast is the economy likely to slow?
So how is the bill going to be paid?
So how should firms motivate people?
So is the emergency treatment working?
So is this a distinctive Obama doctrine?
So it is also talking to COPE.
So it is not easy to be optimistic about Indonesia's forests.
So labour markets look less flexible than they were.
So laws get harsher and harsher.
So modules were changing hands for vast sums of money.
So much for the theory.
So much, then, for DNA freedom.
So no surprises are expected.
So peace deals could be seen as good news.
So perhaps common ground might be found after all.
So she may not be too perturbed.
So should America be worried?
So something else was wrong.
So the dinosaurs lumber on.
So the elections will have endorsed the status quo.
So the kitchen has come full circle.
So the mood is mixed.
So the moves must be carefully choreographed.
So the outcome is not really in doubt.
So the possibility of a shutdown remains.
So the researchers organised a fourth experiment.
So there has been support from the top.
So there is hardly any slack in the system.
So there is plenty to play for.
So they are sounding as tough as they can.
So they offered them to some artists.
So they set out to find which animals have what.
So they will find other things to tax.
So too with Germany's financial system.
So trustbusters may have to step in.
So universities are forbidden to "over-recruit".
So were six children.
So what are China's prospects?
So what do Mormons believe?
So what do countries get for their cash?
So what do current dividend levels tell us?
So what happens next?
So what is he up to?
So what is the internet used for in China?
So what is the link?
So what is this magic potion?
So what of DNA?
So what sort of Maoists are Nepal's?
So what to do?
So what went right?
So what will Dr van der Linde do?
So what would he do?
So who is right?
So who will succeed Mr Daley?
So why all the fuss?
So why do companies exist at all?
So why is it not a black hole?
So why shut down Parliament?
So why the cynicism?
So why were developers building them?
So will Renault's partner, Nissan.
So will low base rates.
So would re-engaging with the Trans pacific Partnership.
So, though, has many a computer virus.
So: representation or gun control?
Soaring government debt could raise interest rates.
Social Security is more straightforward.
Social arrangements have not caught up with economic changes.
Socially responsible firms are more profitable?
Some 23m Chinese already play it.
Some 40% is earmarked for Japan.
Some 45% of China's oil imports from January to November last year were from the Middle East.
Some 50 people were arrested.
Some 59 were injured and one was killed.
Some 60 books augment the course materials.
Some 69 countries have now recognised it.
Some 8,000 people worked on it.
Some Americans would welcome a more European future.
Some Duchamp connoisseurs are outraged.
Some Japanese firms are booming.
Some Mormons find the rules hard to live by.
Some NGOs are not waiting.
Some Sunnis are calling for a boycott of the election.
Some UN officials would be willing to oblige.
Some accepted their fate.
Some actually make progress.
Some advocates of the tax, however, eye broader benefits.
Some aerosols cool the atmosphere.
Some already have home-made difficulties.
Some analysts disagree.
Some are highly dangerous.
Some are now in positions of great responsibility.
Some are proving undisciplined.
Some are stand-alone poetry readings.
Some are thought to be Rwandan.
Some are, but many of them are not.
Some big things stand out.
Some branches must close for four months.
Some businesses would like to see the embargo eased.
Some casinos are really struggling.
Some categories are growing even faster.
Some changes are raising hackles.
Some changes have been made.
Some companies are worried.
Some companies even employ corporate anthropologists.
Some costs lie outside the ￡9.3 billion package.
Some countries have also made more than one submission.
Some courses even try to hurry patrons along.
Some demands are pushy.
Some economies will even contract this year.
Some economists question that claim.
Some established financial firms are also expanding.
Some even prosper.
Some factories even complain of labour shortages.
Some find this alarming.
Some findings are predictable.
Some firms have learnt to adapt.
Some fish are simply not suited to it.
Some formidable northern names are already being mentioned.
Some galleries tailor themselves to the community.
Some governments also banned food exports.
Some governments even ban them.
Some green industrial policies have backfired already.
Some green shoots are already wilting.
Some has been cleared fairly recently.
Some have been attending four funerals a day.
Some have been beaten or executed by the Taliban.
Some have called it the "back to basics" market.
Some have even resorted to legal action.
Some have expanded too quickly.
Some have fallen by the wayside.
Some have more than one.
Some history is still too hard to face.
Some hoped-for returns are in the form of prestige.
Some ideas are intended to turn a card into a gift in itself.
Some in the United States are now pushing in the same direction.
Some involve policies that work and should be expanded.
Some irreconcilables refuse to vote at all.
Some just clone trees.
Some kind of constitutional equilibrium is sorely needed.
Some lawmakers opposed strengthening police powers to snoop.
Some may be husbanding cash more carefully because of the credit crunch.
Some may say this is cruel.
Some might be accepted.
Some might even develop a taste for French cheese.
Some miscreants do get caught.
Some of Kosovo's problems are stark.
Some of his writing is controversial.
Some of it, however, is commendable.
Some of the biggest falls in rents are taking place in Russia.
Some of the change has been driven by public opinion.
Some of the characters are real, some invented.
Some of the displaced are beginning to return home.
Some of the gloom is also premature.
Some of the punters looked as if they were down on their luck.
Some of the reaction is an understandable response to genuine failures.
Some of the reforms were bold.
Some of the ruses bordered on comical.
Some of the techniques have become widespread.
Some of the weaker manufacturers will die.
Some of them are real.
Some of these are material.
Some of these businesses are growing in the teeth of recession.
Some of these people have come long distances.
Some of these will deserve answers more than others.
Some of this antipathy stems from genuine differences over policy.
Some of this fear is absurd.
Some of this indifference is easy to explain.
Some of this is sensible pragmatism.
Some of this is starting to happen piecemeal at state level.
Some of this will now go.
Some optimism is warranted.
Some pander without reservation.
Some people find this worrying.
Some people have more general fears.
Some people wonder at all the hoopla.
Some progress is being made.
Some purses are shown with matching shoes.
Some recall their exploits during many tours of duty over the past seven years, charting their fortunes with language that has become common currency on television back home.
Some reckless executives were sacked.
Some reports said monks were also beaten and arrested.
Some residents are Indians who were born there.
Some robots also respond to speech.
Some savings flowed into banks too.
Some saw that as a sell-out.
Some say the company has been too aggressive.
Some say the law isn't very useful.
Some say they feel as if they are "under house arrest".
Some science testing is being added.
Some seek to withdraw from this situation, others to resist it.
Some sellers may also be feeling the pinch.
Some sites are entirely free.
Some soils could take even more.
Some speculators have certainly aimed at Greece.
Some states are considering reform.
Some states have also started to charge tuition fees.
Some states try to regulate home-schooling.
Some suspicions are economic.
Some things will stay the same.
Some transfers occur already.
Some union leaders are on hunger strike.
Some voices plead for a return to peace.
Some were more aspirational than operational.
Some will admit to hating her.
Some would call it surrender.
Some would say yes.
Someone should film it.
Someone who pioneers a new activity, invention, or process is one of the first people to do it.
Something bigger is going on, though.
Something changed in recent weeks, however.
Something else is going on.
Something similar is happening in Brazil.
Something similar is true of the Conservatives now.
Something will have to give.
Sometimes Canada has let them down.
Sometimes new markets and new technologies, e.g. hand in hand.
Sometimes those data reveal more than was intended.
Sometimes, they have a point.
Sony has new noise-cancelling earbud-type headphones that use MEMS technology.
Soon afterwards the working-age population began to shrink.
Soon the trenches and the hospital were places of horror.
Soon, newsrooms will have to shrink.
Soon, visitors and journalists will flood in.
Sooner or later someone will create the winning formula.
And ordinary folk want to interact with news.
And people are often displaced to make way for the new lake.
And people are recording more TV.
And poorer countries have an enormous distance to travel.
And prices rarely drop in a straight line.
And public interest is easily aroused.
And residents are feeling the pinch.
And rightly so.
And school attendance is rising, particularly among girls.
And second, to follow the chain of command.
And second, we are patient.
And she exudes competence.
And she went out of her way to avoid upsetting the etiquette of the time.
And so he did.
And so he is.
And the riots broke out.
And so it goes on.
And so it went for much of the next century.
And so on, point by point until none was left.
And so on.
And so the bickering and dithering continues.
And so, even more, is Congress.
And so, in the Arab world, it is.
And some do not.
And some have had success.
And some of her critics express themselves rather forcefully.
And some of her stories are almost funny.
We trade with people in all countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of China's foreign policy.
China has adopted a more flexible policy in her foreign trade.
Our foreign trade policy has always been based on equality and mutual benefit and exchange of needed goods.
I think we may be able to work together in the future.
I'd like to know some information about the current investment environment in your country.
The purpose of my coming here is to inquire about possibiHues of establishing trade relations with you.
We are pleased to introduce Mr.Li Yong, our import manager of the Textiles Department.
We take this opportunity to express our thanks for your cooperation in the past.
We are much concerned that your sales in recent months have fallen considerably.
We hope the new arrangements will lead to even better results.
It is possible that you are facing difficulties of which we are not aware.
If so, we would like to know what we can do to help.
Thank you for your letter of June 4, enclosing a catalogue of the products of your company.
It will facilitate our placing orders for selected goods in the future.
On the occasion of the 35th anniversary of your company, please accept our heartiest congratulations.
May the trade connections between our two organizations continue to develop with each passing day.
Allow me to convey my congratulations on your promotion to President of your company.
I am delighted that many years service you have given to your firm should have been recognized andappreciated.
Full details on the Fair will be sent in a week. 
We look forward to hearing from you soon, and hope that you will be able to attend this event.
Thank you for your letter of March 28 inviting our corporation to participate in the 1997 International Fair. 
We are very pleased to accept and will plan to display our electrical appliances as we did in previous years.
Claims must be accompanied by Survey Reports of Recognized Public Surveyors agreed to by the Sellers.
The Buyers' failure to obtain the relative Import License is not to be treated as Force Majeure.
The award by the said Commission shall be deemed as final and binding upon both parties.
First, we  create a complete and well-established legal environment, according to its commitment to joining the WTO.
At present, the focus is on perfecting the soft environment for investment.
It is strengthening the protection of intellectual property rights and safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of foreign invested enterprises.
Second, we'll cultivate a uniform, transparent and predictable policy environment. 
Third, we will establish a clean, highly effective, fair and standard administrative environment.
Conducts of intermediary institutions are being standardized to better serve foreign invested enterprises.
The development of economic and trade cooperation between the two sides enjoys great potentials and promises bright prospects.
Economic and trade relations have witnessed rapid progress since the two countries established diplomatic ties in 1979.
In early 1980s, a series of industrial cooperation agreements were signed.
With the expansion of bilateral economic and trade exchanges, the scale of two-way trade and investment has also enlarged remarkably.
According to statistics from the Chinese Customs, China-US bilateral trade in 2003 totaled $126.
Chinese imports from the United States include agricultural products, aircrafts, power generation equipments, oil equipment, machinery and electronics, etc.
In 1999， when the US-China WTO agreements were concluded， China reported about $360 billion in total global trade.
In 1999， China accounted for about four percent of world trade.
Chinese businesses are now overseas investors as well as partners and seekers of FDI within China.
China's Central Bank is an influential actor in global finance and currency markets.
Chinese science， entertainment and engineering aspire to create， as well as to assemble innovative and technology-intensive products.
China's commercial success， and its expanded role in the world， should be welcomed.
Modern economic history offers few parallels-if any exist-for such a massive and rapid rise.
Governments can let them pass， under the risky assumption that they will work out over time.
Or governments can become belligerent， playing to political and more nationalistic audiences.
Let me turn to several of the effects of China's global integration.
This new pattern needs to be understood and properly managed by policymakers.
After the Second World War， most of China' neighbors developed by exporting manufactured goods to the United States.
Japan rose first， then Korea and Singapore， like geese flying in formation, then the middle-sized ASEAN states.
This pattern endured until roughly the time China joined the WTO;
The ASEAN countries， Siberia and to an extent the world are raw-materials suppliers.
To be sure， such agreements may be advantageous in alliance-building terms.
Economically， their soundness and wisdom remain to be seen absent in a more inclusive strategy.
The United States continues to be China's most important trading partner.
While our data do not exactly tally with Chinese figures， the trends it reveals are about the same.
U.S. exports to China have grown from $ 18 billion in 2001 to perhaps $60 billion.
U.S. imports， from $ 100 billion in 2001 to nearly $300 billibn this year.
This is an enormous volume of trade involving very large sums of money.
The $ 300 billion in imports compares to about $ 1.5 trillion in American manufacturing value-added production.
And Russia， using oil as its trump card， seeks to balance an eastern and western orientation.
 But nowhere is the China trade debate as volatile or passionate as in the U.S.
Chinese industrial demand has created energy-based export booms in Africa， the Middle East， South America and Russia.
Chinese aluminum use rose from three to seven million tons between 1999 and 2005.
Over the past six years， the prices of almost all major commodities have soared.
The effects on commodity suppliers are large and not always entirely positive.
Some countries in these regions， especially Africa and the Middle East， have been too reliant on oil and metals exports.
While commodity trade generates lots of money， which if used well can be a powerful spur to development and growth.
There is as yet no clearly defined policy agenda for governments flowing from changed commodity markets.
From merely 2.5 billion US dollars in 1979 to over 100 billion today， the increase is dozens of times.
Does such a huge increase benefit only one side at the expense of the other?
In fact， both countries have reaped tremendous benefits from the rapid expansion of China-US trade.
But the cost of labor in the US is very high.
This， in my view， is the material basis for the sustained and rapid expansion of China-US trade.
When approaching problems in China-US trade， we also need to take a strategic perspective of vision and foresight.
They should not， and will not， stand in the way of the larger interests of China-US trade.
As bilateral trade and economic relations grow in size， some frictions are hardly avoidable.
Thinking broadly， one should take account of the other's interests while pursuing its own.
Existing differences should be resolved through expanded trade and economic cooperation.
Disputes should be addressed in a timely manner through communication and consultation to avoid possible escalation.
These five principles are based on the WTO framework and existing norms of international trade.
The core elements of these principles are development， equality， and mutual benefit.
Development is our driving force， equality is the premise， and mutual benefit our goal.
This， in my opinion， also serves the need for a constructive and cooperative relationship to which both sides are committed.
As you all know， we do not go after an increase of US trade deficit with China.
Instead, it will seriously harm the interests of millions of American consumers and US firms operating in China.
A more realistic solution is for the US to expand its export to China.
I believe we can make best use of these opportunities in greater cooperation and in sustained partnership.
We may be different in many ways， but China and Britain have much to offer each other.
Today China is in the midst of a 21st century revolution， one of the fastest economic revolutions in human history.
Britain has the longest history of any nation in leadership for open trade and innovation.
China is a new global leader in trade， rapidly developing new technologies that are being exported to the world.
Britain is a world leader in services with strengthened advance manufacturing.
China is a world leader in manufacturing， looking to develop its services sector.
For two decades British politicians talked about going to China and opening up discussions.
Now we are talking about something bigger， forging a high level dialogue， each reaching out to the other.
And because with friendship comes responsibility， being a good partner also means being honest with each other when we disagree.
And we will take the following immediate steps to advance the partnership.
I want， secondly， to take steps to make the United Kingdom the prime location in Europe for inward Chinese investment.
52 Chinese companies have set up or expanded investment into the UK during the past year.
So we should welcome the CIC setting up an office in London.
And I welcome the statements made by Premier Wen today about this very matter.
We are， thirdly， inviting more Chinese companies to raise capital in UK markets.
The aim is to double the number of Chinese listings on the London Stock Exchange in the next two years.
And there are real benefits in new businesses and new jobs from the environmental technologies of the future.
China's financial industry has also benefited from its opening up process.
In conventional Chinese wisdom， seeking debt help would be the last resort.
Borrowing money would be regarded as something disgraceful and revealing one's incapability.
Under the centrally planned economic system， we used to pride in having neither domestic debts nor foreign debts.
In 1979， Chinese government began to resume the external borrowing which had been suspended for 20 years.
In the year， the foreigndebts raised externally amounted to US $ 3.5 billion.
In 1981， Chinese government decided to issue treasury bonds totaling 4.9 billion yuan.
We're aware of an emergence of a new and exciting mode of information economy driven by network technology.
An immediate consequence of this profound change is the simplification of business transaction.
First I went to an Internet site listing cars， their features and their prices， both wholesale and retail.
And then I went to an auto dealership and asked for this particular price.
It's the importance of these things compared to what we have been used to for the last 200 years.
Thanks to technology something very important is happening to the U.S. economy.
We are able to grow faster without triggering inflation than we thought possible.
The new economy does not mean we will never have another recession or even a deflationary spiral.
I anticipate dislocation， volatility and uncertainty accompanying the emergence of the new information economy.
The emergence of electronic business has created enormous and exciting challenges for business managers.
I would ask many people to tell me where it has not brought about greater efficiency in markets.
Of course， there are companies that have been hurt by that， which is the other side of the story.
In any case， the Internet will transform the way companies do business.
And those companies that do not address that issue will not be the market winners.
The official line in Hong Kong is that there is room enough for two Chinese financial centers.
Economies like the United States support multiple centers serving specific industry clusters and regions.
On the "eclipse" side,the case is basically that every great trading port has its day.
The decline might be relative, but Shanghai's industrial,entrepreneurial and political power means that must dominate.
Recently, through its rebranding efforts, Hong Kong is intending to differentiate the city in the minds of outsiders. 
The Nikkei stock market index stands at little more than a quarter of the level of its 1989 peak.
The country has been in recession for the past year and national income is expected to shrink again this year.
Companies lay off workers, making consumers even warier about spending, and demand rails again. 
The actions taken so far seem to have had little effect.
Japanese consumers have refused to increase their spending, and the Japanese savings rate remains among the highest in the world.
For quite some time in the past,China had a structure of highly-centralized planned economy.
This has brought extensive and profound changes never seen before in China's history.
On one hand, the enthusiasm of the work force in both city and countryside has been set free.
From a mere 25 billion dollars in 1979 to over 100 billion today,the increase is dozens of times.
No one in his wildest imagination could have forecast 25 years ago the magnitude oftodav's China-U,S trade and economic relations.
With over 40,000 U.S.-invested enterprises, the paid-in value of  U.S.investment in China  stands at4 43 billion U.S.dollars.
The McDonald's and KFC chain stores are found in almost every Chinese city.
Products bearing such famous American trademarks  as Microsoft, Intel, Motorola, Kodak and GM sell quickly on the Chinese market.
At the same time, many items of Chinese merchandise have become favored choices of U.S.consumers.
The U. S, governs the international system to protect its own economy.
In person,he has the air of a philosophy professor rather than a gimlet-eyed financien, 
The cocktail of liberalization, privatization and fiscal rectitude which the IMF has been preaching for 15 years.
Soros credits the anti-globalization movement for having made companies more sensitive to their wider responsibilities.
I think the protesters have made an important contribution by making people aware of the flaws of the system.
People on the street had an impact on public opinion and corporations which sell to the public responded to that.
The fund is new tough love policy—for which Argentina is the guinea pig—has other consequences.
Now the IMF has drawn a line in the sand, credit to poor countries is drying up.
It has created a new problem—the inadequacy of the flow of capital from center to the periphery.
I am much more positive about the underlying economy than I am about the market.
We are waging war not only on terrorism but alsoon recession.
I have not yet seen an economy in recession when you are gearing up for war.
He worries that the world's largest economic power is not living up to its responsibilities.
This neat fit, to a large extent, stems from their  differences in economic resources, economic structures and consumption levels.
But it is lacking in cap as technological and managerial sophistication.
The U.S.is the world largest developed country, big in economic size, with abundant capital, and advanced in science and technology.
This, in my view, is the material basis for the sustained and rapid expansion of China-U,S.trade.
Starbucks' solution is toselect high-profile locations on the busiest streets, where stores are sure to seduce the see-and-be-seen set.
As Starbucks launches an aggressive expansion in China, a coffee frontier steeped in nearly 5-000 years of tea.
The goal is to build hip hang-outs that tap into a new taste for China's emergingmiddle class.
Instead the company is counting on selecting such high-visibility, high-traffic cafe locations that they marketthemselves.
But in fast-changing Chinese cities, finding locations that will embody the right lifestyle is more akin to gambling than science.
Local media reported that 70% of people they surveyed would rather not see the chain in Beijing's Forbidden City.
And even for middle-class Chinese, Starbucks is a barely affordable luxury.
While retailers say a top marketing weapon in urban China is to charge more for public consumption.
That's because Chinese customers have different priorities than their American yuppie counterparts.
They go there to present themselves as modem Chinese in a public setting.
NASDAQ, acronym for the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation system.
It is the markets in rhe world for the trading of stocks.
The majority of companieslisted on NASDAQ are smaller than most of those on the NYSE and AMEX.
NASDAQ has become known as the home of new technology companies, particularly computer and computer-related businesses.
Trading on NASDAQ is initiated by stock brokers acting on behalf of their clients.
The brokers negotiate with market makers who concentrate on trading specific stocks to reach a price for the stock.
Unlike other stock exchanges, NASDAQ has no central location where trading takes place.
Instead , its market makers are located all over the country and make trades by telephone and via the Internet.
Since its inception in 1971, the NASDAQ Stock Market has been the innovator.
As the worlds first electronic stock market, NASDAQ long ago set a precedent for technological trading innovation that is unrivaled6.
We firstl began reforming our exchange rate renminbi in 1994, 
It was decided at that time that we would adopt a market-based, single, regulated floating exchange rate regime.
Since 1994, the renminbi has appreciated in real terms by 18.5 percent against the U.S.dollar.
There is no denying we still face very daunting tasks in financial and banking reform.
Financial reform is the most difficult and the most crucial part of our overall economic reforms.
The financial sector in China has been plagued  many problems.
The biggest problem is the fairly high proportion of non-performing loans  from banks.
So we have to accelerate the refonn of the banking system.
On our part, we will help create conditions that facilitate corporate governance among banks through the share-hold system.
We must also strengthen financial assistance for small and medium-sized enterprises and privately-nin enterprises.
Trouble is, no one ever knows until much later when the market has reached its nadir.
False bottoms and bear market rallies have trapped investors since time immemorial.
And bull markets aren't a guarantee even when there is a capitulation.
A cathartic selloff in 1974 was followed by a quick recovery and then years of blah performance.
Economists have failed to call a single recession in the past four decades.
Investors must wrestle with internal demons to time the market right.
We try to prepare for the future by extrapolating from the present.
A price decline does not in itself make a good value.
If a rebate offer lets you get a $33,000 sedanfor only $30,000, you've got yourself a good deal.
Nor does the fact that they were higher before make them particularly likely to go up now.
On the positive side, the calendar suggests we're due for a turnaround.
The bear market that began in January 2000 is now the third longest since World War II.
You don't have to be a market seer to take losses.
Just have some plan for selling losers and reinvesting immediately in comparable, but not identical,stocks or funds.
It is carried forward to offset capital gains inyour other holdings two, three or ten years hence.
You can profit by buying and holding for a long time.
Buy stocks with a 20-year investing horizon, and have realistic expectations for them.
Vanguard founder John Bogle suggests 8% a year as a reasonable return.
Because China now enjoys significant foreign investment inflows, this is a particularly important lesson.
There are nonetheless many reasons to be concerned about the possibility of future financial cases.
Over the next few years, for example, China will open its domestic markets to tradeand clean up its banks.
I've been rich and I've been poor - and I can tell you, rich is better.
A noted stage personality is said to have told an interviewer.
Most people seem to have the same attitude about the economy as a whole.
Economists from Adam Smith to Karl Marx saw great virtue in economic growth.
It has dotted our road sides with junkyards, filled our air with smoke, and poisoned our food with dangerous chemicals.
By increasing the risks of their obsolescence it adds also to their anxiety.
Swifter means of communications have the paradoxical effect of isolating people.
In consequence, people know less of their neighbors than ever before.
Virtually every economist agrees that these concerns are valid, though many question whether economic growth is their major cause.
There is every reason for society to undertake programs that grapple with these problems.
Such economic calamities can be prevented only if government takes a much larger role in organizing and coordinating individual's decisions.
Allowing the market to operate with a minimum of government regulation is called laissez-faire.
Billions of dollars are spent yearly on armaments while essential social services are ignored for lack of funds.
In many countries there is mass hunger while in others there is a tremendous waste of food.
Even the richest countries have suffered from growing unemployment, stagnant rates of economic growth and high inflation.
General acceptance is obviously a first essential of money - general acceptance, that is, in a particular society.
Globalization is the result of advances in communication, transportation, and information technologies.
It describes the growing economic, political, technological, and cultural linkages that connect individuals, communities, businesses, and governments around the world.
Globalization also involves the growth of multinational corporations and transnational corporations.
The international institutions that oversee world trade and finance play an increasingly important role in this era of globalization.
From 1950 to 2001 the volume of world exports rose by 20 times.
By 2001 world trade amounted to a quarter of all the goods and services produced in the world.
Most experts attribute globalization to improvements in communication, transportation, and information technologies.
Advances in communication and information technologies have helped slash the cost of processing business orders by well over 90 percent.
The Internet, the cell phone, and the fax machine permit instantaneous communication.
The world becomes smaller due to next-day delivery by jet airplane.
Even slow, oceangoing vessels have streamlined transportation and lowered costs due to innovations such as containerized shipping.
Yet Cisco owns only three factories to make the equipment used to help maintain the Internet.
Cisco subcontracts the rest of its work to other companies around the world.
Two-thirds of the automobiles sold in North America by Japan's Toyota Motor Company are built in North America.
Remittances sent home by workers to their home countries have become an important source of income for many countries.
In addition to food shortages, rapid population growth will increase the pollution of the environment.
This new form of electronic money is taking the place of the cash that we know from everyday dealings.
Services are the fastest-growing part of international trade, accounting for 20% of total world trade and 30% of American exports.
Labour in the United States possesses a high skill level and works with large amounts of first- class capital equipment.
These factors contribute to the high productivity and the high hourly wages of American workers.
Every day trillions of dollars are moved around the world via banks' computers.
To limit the market of an industry to one country would often mean reduced efficiency and higher costs.
Information technology is one of those transformational technologies that change everything in our society.
Information technology is a driver of competitive success and real economic growth for China.
I wanted to be a man, and a man I am.
Their host carved, poured, served, cut bread, talked, laughed, proposed health.
In line with the latest trends in fashion, a few dress designers have been sacrificing elegance to audacity.
Some people accuse me of being rude because I always introduce myself to other people I meet on trains.
But I answer by telling them that the reason for my action is not curiosity but friendliness.
As time goes by minute by minute, the rosy halos ahead grow redder and brighter.
At this news the wine in his stomach turned to sour vinegar in his jealousy.
Wherever the bandit troops went, they massacred and raped, burned and looted, and stopped at nothing.
Teachers have to make lessons fast-moving and entertaining, for children are raised on television and computer games.
We can gradually bridge the gap between coastal and inland areas.
But there always was dissatisfied restlessness under the placid surface to life.
No one can deny that millions of small private enterprises have fuelled the nation's economy.
The system of Chinese characters has played an invaluable role in our history.
Before getting into the cold facts of global economics, let me begin with another story to warm up.
I recently read in the newspaper that Thailand's forestry chief had said.
Humans can't live in the forest because human beings aren't animals.
Unlike us, animals can adapt themselves to the wild or any environment naturally.
First of all, that humans cannot live in the forest is - of course - not a Thai concept.
It is a notion of Western conservation ideology - an outcome of the globalization of ideas and perceptions.
In the single year of 2001, however, the number suddenly rose to a record high of 348.
It indicates a rapid spread of trade protectionism, an increasingly serious problem in world trade.
China is one of the main target countries of anti-dumping actions.
The ultimate purpose, however, is to protect domestic producers that are less competitive.
Instead it only requires an investigation into whether the domestic industry is injured by the increase in imported goods.
This protective measure taken in an urgent situation is more random and severe than ordinary anti-dumping actions.
However, the policy agenda for managing capital flows is broad and complex, and considerable challenges remain.
But the gradual opening of capital accounts must be accompanied by a further strengthening of macroeconomic policies.
Liberalization of the capital account once implemented is difficult to reverse.
It may expose institutional and macroeconomic weaknesses that cannot be anticipated at this juncture.
Other signs of possible trouble are appreciated exchange rates and current account deficits in some Eastern European countries.
The impact of individual risks could be magnified if several were to occur simultaneously.
One major risk to stability is the growing imbalance in global payments. 
Such changes could destabilize and disrupt international financial markets, which would cause all countries to suffer.
But when the sustainability of the sources of finance for global payment imbalances is in doubt.
Developing countries, in particular, have much to gain from multilateral cooperation, and much to lose from its absence.
They would suffer disproportionately if instability were induced and a disorderly unwinding of global financial imbalances ensued.
Since its introduction on January l, 1999, the euro has assumed an increasingly important international role.
If you feel interested in our business proposal, please send us the samples together with you best terms and conditions.
The surge in private capital flows offers national and international policy makers a major opportunity to bolster development efforts.
The one-time, up-front franchise fee covers such franchiser services as site location studies, market research, training, and technical assistance.
China's import policy is aimed at acquiring capital that embodies the modern technology needed to develop her economy.
Since reform and opening up, China's economy has been developing rapidly with tremendous achievements in foreign trade.
In today's world, the reform and development of IPR system has entered an unprecedentedly dynamic stage.
Intellectual property has become a bridge linking technology, economy and trade.
Through a strengthened IPR system, the innovation capability and core competitiveness of enterprises will be enhanced.
Without a sound IPR protection system, it will be impossible for China to release its independent innovation capability.
That has a bearing not only on China's image but also on her development and her interests.
The share of export of high-tech products in the total foreign trade has climbed to 28%.
After entering the WTO, China's economic administration system will have to adapt to the changes and deserve further improvement.
Some industries and enterprises may be affected to various degree and suffer from certain negative impact.
To put it in old economy terms, can you imagine postponing maintenance on an aircraft for six months?
If Western people think they are healthy eaters, they will have to think again.
Climbing is the focus of my existence to the exclusion of almost everything else.
It is an event comparable to the first manned landing on the moon.
The tolerance they are talking about does not in fact exist but is invented as a justification for present intolerance．
A look at the companies pursuing the technology gives a good indication of its potential.
Despite his success, he was concerned about his long-term prospect in this profession.
It was nerve-racking because I was worried he was going to pull me off.
Only a better understanding of this nation can help you get accustomed and integrated to it.
If you are a careful observer, you will find something different about this stamp.
Thanks to the hard work of everybody, our project was completed ahead of time.
Without it managers are operating in ignorance and cannot understand what is happening to them and their firms.
More likely than not, you and your boss will not be of the same nationality.
All of these factors will require changes in the traditional methods of managing the work force.
The spreading use of participatory management techniques will require a work force with much higher levels of education and skills.
A handful of companies are still single-mindedly seeking profits and turning a blind eye to their social responsibilities.
International success stories also show that CSR is part of a company's brand image and its core competitiveness.
As the proverb goes, "The rose is in her hand and the fragrance in mine".
Companies benefit from their efforts to honor CSR and promote social harmony.
It gives me great pleasure to have this opportunity to attend this seminar on management strategy.
Now I would like to put forward my own opinion about organizing in management.Organizing is a basic function of management.
The span of control varies in different organizations and is generally wider at lower levels.
As the number of levels increases, administrative costs rise, and communication, planning, and control become more difficult.
In order to manage more subordinates, a manager must limit the time spent with each one.
If an enterprise covers a broad geographic area, it may be efficient to have departments based on geography.
Such departmentation may save transportation costs, simplify the hiring of personnel, and, especially in less developed countries, simplify communications.
Matrix organization is flexible in that a project ceases to exist when it is completed.
Such functional authority must be clearly defined, so as not to violate the unity of command of the line managers.
The structure will be effective insofar as it contributes to this purpose.
Innovation is not just about technology;it is about how you use technology.
When you begin to stimulate innovation in one area, it has an enabling effect elsewhere.
When you begin to innovate in one area, it stimulates innovation elsewhere.
Before long you could have the kind of dramatic change that can make a real difference to your business.
At present, the scale of state-owned commercial banks has gone beyond being manageable and market competitive.
The excessive red tape prevented banks in China from adapting to market and competition changes with adequate strategies.
We do not want to be dinosaurs.We want to be more adaptable to changes.
I am very honored this evening to attend this dinner gathering organized by the Hong Kong Management Association.
The small to medium business sector has an important role in Hong Kong's economy.
—the maintenance of monetary stability, through the linked exchange rate system;
Hong Kong's future as an international financial centre is very bright for several basic reasons:
一 It is strategically located in the heart of the fastest growing region in the world;
What are the major financial challenges facing small and medium businesses operating in Hong Kong?
Second, as owners and managers of businesses in the region, the financing requirements will change.
Third, the mode of tinancing of small and medium businesses around the world is changing.
Let me say a few words about the change into the service sector.
Perhaps nothing matched their economic impact until the advent of the personal computer.
But some of you may wonder what a railroader has to say about innovation in the 21st century.
My message is that no enterprise needs to be more innovative than an established business in a mature industry.
1.Network innovationLet me begin with the most obvious innovation:our North American network.
With the Free Trade Agreement and NAFTA, trade patterns changed in North America, from east-west to north-south.
The trucks were handling most of that growth.We wanted more of the action.
2.Service innovationOur second innovation was through our commitment to customer service.
A few years ago, we told our customers we would deliver our service with no delays and no excuses.
At that time, making a commitment to customer service was a real innovation in our industry.
We looked at rail transportation from a different perspective — our customers' perspective4.
Other railroads fouces:used on marshalling trains, waiting for enough freight to make a train*s trip cost effective.
We began a system of scheduled freight service that delivers cars on time.
Scheduled rail freight service is proving to be a revolutionary innovation in North American transportation.
It also gives us a foundation for innovations in other areas.
By franchise, I mean the products for which we have the best reputation for moving.It is our turf.
We wanted to complement this franchise to include more merchandise freight.
To do this, we had to compete directly with trucks for time-sensitive deliveries.
With our scheduled delivery, we can now compete with trucks on the basis of reliability.
We have cut a day off the transit times between Toronto and Western Canada.
We arrive on schedule 90 percent of the time.We are aiming for 95 percent.
4.Technology innovationScheduled service also provides a foundation for innovation in our e-business solutions.
Years ago, we were the first railroad to provide online information that lets customers track their shipments.
Every day on our website, our customers track the location of about 90,000 shipments.
Fuji-Xerox is one of the most enduring and reportedly successful alliances between two companies from different countries.
With sales of close to $10 billion, Fuji-Xerox provides Xerox with over 20 percent of its worldwide revenues.
Castrol has had to tailor its distribution strategy to Vietnam's unique conditions.
In most countries where it operates, Castrol divides the country into regions and has a single distributor in each region.
Although most of these transferees are on one-to two-year assignments, up to 25 percent are on indefinite assignments.
The Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Co.(3M) has a completely different type of program for longer-term expatriates.
The company developed the program because it drastically altered its international organization.
Thus, when 3M transfers a German executive to France, it allows him to remain on his home-country pay scale.
The large oil company Phillips Petroleum has adopted yet another policy.
This was a very expensive policy given the generally high level of pay prevailing in the United States.
Chinese managers like to hurry and do things very quickly — there is always a sense of pressure and urgency.
As many people might already know, managing conflict in public or open meetings is largely avoided in China.
In Asia the loss of face is a major taboo.Losing face is viewed as something quite shameful.
I also sense that some Western managers have a prejudiced view of the Chinese management cadre.
Comments that the Chinese lack expertise and competence are also common.
I'm glad to be here, and honored to be giving this keynote address.
You'll hear it said more than once during this two-day event:
Not the early adopters, not the experimenters, but the majority of people.
And we must make the leap to firmly engrain e-business into the production and sale of chemicals and plastics.
There are a few key points that I want to emphasize today:
The chemical industry is uniquely positioned to understand IT trends — their impact —and their potential to transform business.
There are areas that the Industry must work on together to gain efficiency, safety and scientific advancement.
Sharing standards and best practices will be the key to Huther advancing our industry and society.
For IT professionals working in the chemical industry, these are truly remarkable times.
As professionals who work across both technologyw industries, chemical and IT, we can appreciate our rich history of codependence.
I understand you are selling the same products to some other Australian importers.
I have a mind to expand this business in the years to come.
As it is to our mutual benefit, I am sure you won't have any objection to it.
I think this demonstrates the importance we place on developing closer ties with the United States, and Miami in particular.
This is a grand event that will go down in the history of overseas Chinese communities.
The world economy is in the doldrums, so are the economies in many countries and regions.
As a result, it is hard to prevent China's economy from being affected.
All in all, we are faced with not only rare opportunities, but also severe challenges.
Economic globalization is picking up speed, and the economies of countries are becoming more and more interdependent.
The international division of labor continues to deepen and the scope of international coordination keeps expanding.
As human civilization has evolved to this day f the globe is becoming smaller and smaller.
The whole world has been incoqjorated into an interwoven network that no country or nation could stay away from.
The swift scientific, technological and economic development is bringing profound changes to people's spiritual world.
New ways of thinking and new values are constantly taking shape.
As human civilization develops to this day, the outlook of the world is changing with each passing day.
I hope that all the participants at the convention will earnestly sum up and exchange experience in this respect.
I don't suppose any of these buildings were here in 1988.
Then I came back five years ago, and I have come back today and I have seen another remarkable transformation.
And the links between UK companies and Shanghai are getting ever closer, and actually between the people as well.
She has just been a Cambridge graduate and is returning to do her viva for her degree.
And there are other things that I think we are learning from each other too.
Your sister city in the UK, as you know, is Liverpool.
And we believe our expertise has something to offer you there too.
And it is playing a big part now, as I was explaining to your people upstairs.
I think the existing companies usually encourage the so-called "proven way" , something that has worked before, instead of innovation.
So that is the kind of corporate culture we have in Asia.
How could you build and breed risk takers from this corporate culture?
You also need to talk about societal culture, which matters a lot.
A person that takes a risk in starting a completely new business and then fails, what happens to him?
By the end of last year, the stock of American direct investment in Asian-Pacific developing areas was as follows:
By the end of last year, American direct investment in mainland China totalled US $1.25 billion.
This amount was less than that in Singapore, but higher than that in Malaysia.
In today's business conference, I want to speak about technology today.
I have been in this field for more than 40 years.
For more than 20 years, the semiconductor was the cutting edge of the so-called high technology industry.
Before World War II, no one used the term high-tech or even technology in reference to an industry.
So, you have to say that the semiconductor industry and the computer industry were the mainstream.
The main stream shifted into PCs and of course, semiconductors were what made it possible.
in fact they did not think PCs were a viable product.
Many companies in the PC industry began to bask in the limelight.
The PC became the main stream or cutting-edge of the high-tech industry.
What took its place are communications and networks, and then in the last few years, the Internet and e-commerce.
Those are now the mainstream and the cutting edge of the high-tech industry.
I think, to put it very cryptically, we seem to always be chasing the rear end of the train.
The semiconductor industry was the mainstream at that time and Japan was chasing it very hard.
They caught it and they got onto the rear part of the train.
This business of always chasing the train results, however, in a phenomenon that is called by economists as "competitive convergence".
Today I'll focus on the definition and the importance of entrepreneurial culture, drawing on the lesson from the Enron case.
For most of the 1990s, CEOs of Old Economy companies struggled to turn slow-moving organizations into nimbler, more flexible outfits.
The truth is, real transformations are the exception rather than the rule.
Changing the core values, the attitudes, and the fundamental relationships of a vast organization is overwhelmingly difficult.
Enron seemed to have transformed itself from a stodgy regulated utility to a fast-moving enterprise where its performance was paramount.
Many of the same academics are now busy distilling the cultural and leadership lessons from the debacle.
In the end, too much leeway was given to young, inexperienced managers without the necessary controls to minimize failures.
His recipe for changing the company was right out of the New Economy play book.
Layers of management were wiped out.Hundreds of outsiders were recruited and encouraged to bring new thinking to a tradition-bound business.
At Enron, however, thp pressure to make the numbers was often overwhelming.
Nobody at corporate was asking the right questions.It was completely hands-off management.It was a runaway train.
Each excellent enterprise has an entrepreneurial culture that is imbued with its own personality and charm.
Bonds also appeal to investors because of their scope for capital appreciation.
In a nutshell, an investor should consider investing in bonds as an alternative for the purpose of diversification in investment.
Investors concerned with avoiding risk will be prepared to accept the relatively low yields now available on government bonds.
In recent years, financial markets have become increasingly polaried between growth and security.
Corporate bonds offer an ideal alternative to equities and government bonds, providing some of the benefits of each.
However, corporate credit-worthiness is a key factor in assessing the value and risk of corporate bonds.
They assign ratings both to entities issuing bonds and to specific corporate bond issues.
This gives investors a guide as to their credit quality, which indicates possible risk.
That is to say, unlike equities or government bonds, they cannot always be sold easily to other investors.
In return, investors have the opportunity to achieve a good cash income.
Such never-say-die approach is the now forthe ultimate triumph in entrepreneurship and technological breakthrough.
Some would even give failed entrepreneurs a second chance if convinced that a fresh conceptmight lead to eventual success.
A 15-hour day and 7-day week is not uncommon, especially during the start-up stage.
Paper qualification,thoughuseful,is not a be-all-and-end-all. More weight is given to a candidate's proven abilities andaptitude for the job.
While racial prejudice no doubt still exists in the United States, it is hardly discernible in the Valley.
What counts most is one's vision atid track record, and not one's nationality,skin color or creed.
This, together with its multiracial society, informal lifestyle and agreeable climate, lures foreigners to its shores.
Those who could not take the hit, as it were, left their employment feeling disillusioned.
Today, we, pioneers and leaders of electronic commerce, are meeting here to call for changes in US patent laws.
We believe such changes are needed to deal with new business models related to the growth of the Internet.
I share the same view with Jeff Bezos, chief executive of online bookseller Amazon, dot.com.
I also propose a one-month period of public consultation before patents are issued.
The Internet provides a new way of doing just about everything.
Some of my colleagues in the industry have already begun lobbying lawmakers to make the changes.
Today I'll focus on the importance of entrepreneurial culture, drawing on the lesson from a few outstanding cases.
The truth is that really successful transformations are the exception rather than the rule.
This is the starting point for us to understand and know about entrepreneurial culture.
Bonds appeal to investors because of their scope for capital appreciation.
Investors consider investing some money in bonds because they will be able to achieve a higher return than cash deposits.
In a nutshell, an investor should consider investing in bonds as an alternative for the purpose of diversification in investment.
In recent years,financial markets have become increasingly polarized between growth and security.
Credit rating agencies,such as Moody's and Standard & Poors, indicate possible risk in financial investment.
The never-say-die approach is the sine qua non for the ultimate triumph in entrepreneurship and technological breakthrough.
They willingly support promising start-ups with urgently needed initial capital to get them started.
Because of its high-risk nature, for every success story there are hundreds who will fall by the wayside.
I propose a one-month period of public consultation before patents are issued.
But this lecture on the stock market is meant for beginners.
Companies sell stock as a way to raise money without borrowing.
People buy stock as an investment, in the hope of making a profit on an increase in the stocks price.
The stock market in the United States began in New York City in 1792.
Stockbrokers and dealers have been an important part of the traditional stock trading system.
These financial experts are paid for their knowledge of financial markets and business.
But, the Internet has made it easy for the general public to get information about companies and stocks.
Many people now choose to control how their money is invested.
About 60 years ago, only 5% of Americans owned stock.They were usually very rich people trading shares with each other.
Usually, investors in the United States have bought stocks they expected to keep for many years.
Short-term price decreases only affect people who sell stocks at prices lower than they paid for them.
That is why during bull markets,experts tell investors to keep their stocks rather than to sell.
Recently, however, short-term trading has become more popular, especially the one called day trading.
Day traders seek to earn money from the daily changes in the price of a stock.
The performance of the stock market is measured by stock indexes.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average follows the share prices of thirty leading industrial companies in the United States.
People usually have invested in companies that have strong earnings and a large share in their business market.
But over the last few years, stocks of companies that promise future growth have had the greatest demand.
In a few years, investors should be able to trade stocks twenty-four hours a day.Seven days a week.
And, in the future, financial markets around the world are expected to be linked.
My next lecture will focus on electronic dealing and broking, and their impact on the marketplace.Your attendance is most welcome.
People buy stock as an investment, in the hope of making a profit on an increase in the stock's price.
The Internet has made it easy for the general public to get information about financial investment.
It was rated MInternational Garden City" by UN, and is a winner of MGlobal 500 Environment Award.
Shenzhen lias over 40 locations of ancient culture legacy, gourmet food from all over China, and markets with abundant commodities.
Each year tens of thousands of visitors come for leisure activities such as sightseeing and shopping.
People can visit Hong Kong through inland ports at Luohu, Huanggang, and Wenjindu.
It plays an important role in commodity and information centralizing and dissemination.
In 2004, over 100 exhibitions were hosted by Shenzhen and the total exhibition area exceeded one million square meters.
Now I'd like to give a brief introduction to Shenzhen Convention & Exhibiton Center.
It is invested by Shenzhen municipal government and designed by GMP, a German company.
The building stands up to 60 meters y including 6 floors above the ground level and 2 floors beneath it.
Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center has very powerful and advanced function in terms of hosting exhibitions and conventions.
It has 25 meeting rooms of different shapes and sizes, and a multi-purpose hall with a capacity of 3,000 people.
Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center is at the south end of the middle axis of the city's downtown area.
Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center is on the northern side of Binhe Expressway, which links to freeways and important ports.
It is only 15 minutes' drive from Shenzhen Railway Station, and 30 minute from the airport.
In addition, it is also the stop of a dozen bus lines.
In its neighborhood, you can find parks, and Huaqiang North Commercial Ring where leisure, shopping and food services are available.
Doubtlessly,Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center is an ideal choice for exhibitions,conferences, celebrations, ceremonies, and all kinds of shows.
East China Fair, initiated in 1991 and thereafter 17 sessions have been held successfully.
The 17th East China Fair had 18,500 businesspeoples from 117 countries and regions as well as 100,000 professional customers.
The 17th East China Fair was held at Shanghai New International Expo Center with an exhibition area of 103,500sqm.
Overseas exhibitors were from 15 countries and regions such as USA, UK, France and Japan.
A great variety of traditional and new products were displayed with more focus on high-tech products and famous local brands.
Shanghai Everbright Convention and Exhibition Center with a total construction area of 240,000m2. 
It's composed of two mansions: East Wing and West Wing, which are connected by an overpass.
Besides, around 18 public transportation routes pass or neighbour the community.
Shanghai International Industry Fair is the only large-scale nationwide fair in China, which focuses on showcasing high-tech industrial equipment.
On October 18, 2000, Chinese President Jiang Zemin autographed the name for the Fair.
Forty percent of those enterprise exhibitors were from 30 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions.
Every country possesses sites of local or national interest, which are a source of national pride.
Tea & Coffee World Cup Exhibition is a three-day comprehensive marketplace for tea and coffee products and ideas.
Tea & Coffee World Cup Exhibition brings to you the vast buying community 一 distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers and suppliers.
The three-day exhibition is the most exclusive opportunity to meet potential clients from around the world.
As the tea and coffee industry leaders expand, they will be looking to our show for contacts and business opportunities.
World Expo is an excellent mechanism to showcase a country to the world.
Through EXPO, visitors will be exposed to the cultural aspect of a country.
Moreover, it enables a country to promote trade development with other countries.
I think the new trend of EXPO is to include cultural exhibitions in addition to exhibitions about technology and products.
Shanghai will serve as the economic gateway for foreign investors to establish business ventures in China.
Shanghai was the economic center in the past and will be the economic center once again.
It is a large state-of-art intelligent exhibition centre incorporating exhibition, conference, fair, IT, trade and large events.
Its complete supporting services range from business services, advertisement, warehouse, hotel, catering to entertainment.
Being 432m in length, 105m in width and 42.6m in height, the main building contains 5 floors.
The height of the exhibition hall varies from 7.6m to 10m and 15m.
It is totally 33,000 square meters available for 2,000 standardized booths.
Each unit has its own interfaces for water tap and drainage system, electricity, and computer network.
The exhibition hall for light industry on the 3rd floor occupies an area of 2,187m2.
The wing building is a hotel which contains more than 200 guest rooms.
Around the Centre are the front and back squares of 300,000m2.
The crescent-shaped ballroom on top of the main building is the most creative feature of the whole building.
The International Conference Hall is equipped with simultaneous interpreting system of 6 languages.
To provide convenience to all the exhibitors, City Conference & Exhibition Centre has set up an Exhibition Service Centre.
The Expo, with an area of 2,260 hectaresy will produce an environmently-friendly urban district with flourishing service and tourism industries.
It is invested by Shenzhen municipal government and designed by GMP, a German company.
The building stands up to 60 meters, including 6 floors above the ground level and 2 floors beneath it.
That will even exceed the all-time high reached at the 1970 World Expo held in Osaka, Japan.
It gives me great pleasure to attend this First Annual Conference of Boao Forum for Asia.
I would like to discuss with you issues concerning Asia's regional cooperation and development in the new century.
As the biggest continent on the earth, Asia accounts for 60 percent of the worlds population.
Its resources are abundant and its cultures are profound and magnificent in a long history.
The East Asia regional cooperation has gone ahead with full steam and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization is functioning smoothly.
These will be the important channels and mechanisms to increase exchanges and strengthen cooperation among Asian countries and regions.
However, compared with Europe and North America, Asia*s regional cooperation is still rather backward.
We have of late heard quite some insightful views on the orientation of regional cooperation in Asia.
First, we should focus on the economic cooperation and then gradually expand the cooperation into all other areas.
To develop the economy is the primary task of Asian countries.
Secondly, we should expand our cooperation areas on the existing cooperative channels.
As East Asia, South Asia and Central Asia are relatively independent geographically and different in ways of achieving economic development.
Thirdly, we should consolidate the regional cooperation by stepping up the bilateral one.
The two will interact on each other in a beneficial cycle.
Fourthly, we should ensure that the regional cooperation is an open one.
Cooperation by definition must not be self-reclusive or enjoyed only by members of an exclusive group.
Its economic growth is boosting up and its living standard keeps improving.
With the investment scale and cooperation level greatly raised, the mutual-investment between China and Singapore has been fruitful.
Singapore has become one of the major investment sources for China.
Since last year, Singapore's investment in China has begun to increase after years of dropping down.
Before I start, I wish to express my heartfelt appreciation to our host for the considerate arrangements.
East Asian countries have demonstrated a high degree of synergy in the 10 + 3 process.
Better regional economic cooperation is necessitated by faster development in East Asia.
Better regional economic cooperation is the must-go road for East Asian economies.
Over the years, East Asia has remained the world's fastest growing regional economy.
Countries in the region are intertwined by their ever closer economic and trade links.
Those hard figures suggest the solid foundation and future potential of East Asia cooperation.
I am very glad to come to the beautiful city, Kuala Lumpur, to attend the 2nd Asean Business Summit1.
In the first years of the new century, the world economy and trade are undergoing significant and profound changes.
Driven by the economic globalisation, international economic relations have taken on a series of new features.
The speed of international capital movement is higher than that of international trade growth.
The volume of international trade is expanding faster than world economy.
Trans-national corporations keep on expanding their magnitude and consolidating their roles in the global economy.
Developed countries are the largest beneficiaries owing to their advantageous positions in capital, technology, human resources, management and other aspects6.
On the contrary, developing countries are holding an overall inferior position because of the relatively low economic and technological levels.
Only thus, can they take the initiative in the process of economic globalization and benefit more from it.
Science and technology make progress with each passing day, which has deep impact on the world economic and trade development.
Moreover, the fast-growing e-commerce with network technology as its basis is turning into an important approach of international trade.
Poland believes there are good prospects for strengthening economic and trade cooperation with China,said the Polish Senator here Thursday.
He led over 60 representatives to attend the fourth China Western International Exposition held here.
The Senator said economic cooperation between the two countries had a long history.
He said bilateral trade had developed rapidly, with trade volume reaching 22 billion US dollars in recent years.
We hope there will be more tourists and business people from China.
This will help us create more jobs for local people,M an African Ambassador to China said.
Boosting tourism and investment are two ways China hopes to help local social and economic development.
There are now 16 African countries on China's list of tourist destinations for Chinese citizens.
All of us are proud to be part of this uniqueness.
Are we still sometimes at each other's throat on trade and economic issues rather than cementing our cooperation?
Undeniably and unfortunately, one must admit, some of us still are, from time to time.
One for sure first and foremost, we just have not done enough for our people.
I mean the business and private sectors, the government and public sectors, the academic and the NGO sectors.
Secondly, and by no means no less important, is that economic cooperation and development are not for preaching.
For one thing, the right to development is an issue so close to my heart.
Indeed, the ball has started rolling faster with the Monterrey Consensus with commitment to make development benefits for all.
And now with this forum taking place and few other things I shall elaborate in a few moments.
In Asia the resources are abundant and the cultures are profound and magnificent with a long history.
Asia, rising stupendously in the middle of last century, has written a glorious chapter for its own development, whichisalsoahallmarkofhumanprogress.
We should focus us on the economic cooperation and then gradually expand the cooperation into all other areas.
We should consolidate the regional cooperation by stepping up the bilateral one.
The two will interact on each other in a beneticial cycle.
We will energetically cany out our Mgoing global" strategy, encouraging more Chinese firms of multiple ownerships to operate globally.
This location, at the heart of sub-Saharan Africa, gives Uganda commanding importance as a base for regional trade and investment.
Often, U.S.companies are relying on luck instead of strategy in identifying their international representation.
Many companies get into exporting almost by happenstance:most export sales are simply a spin-off from domestic contracts.
Similarly, most agent and distributor relationships are born from random inquiries or chance meetings at trade shows.
Strange as it may seem, the same is true of joint venture relationships.
The key is to remember at all times that promotional materials are not stand-alone, clean information.
The Internet can be used to provide indicators of activity and reach.
Surprisingly, this hit-and-miss approach to international expansion is not exclusive to small-and medium-sized companies.
Experienced international executives and substantia budgets for foreign expansion will contribute to success, given the right opportunities.
However, you may find your right opportunities by focusing on your international objectives and by defining your ideal international partners.
Treat international business relationships with the same degree of attention and care as you do your domestic ones.
Many companies partner with the first seemingly viable company that expresses interest in representing them.
When agents and distributors emerge from nowhere and stand alone without comparison,they will always appear to be golden opportunities.
There is little synergy or shared resources among the Virgin companies.
Virgin, in fact, resembles the classic Japanese keiretsu such as a Yamaha or Mitsubishi.
The U.S.Dollar is the currency most often used in international trade.
Conversely, in case of the Yen devaluation the exporter will get more Yen per U.S. Dollar.
It is not difficult to understand why the United States has such a worry.
It was not too long ago that the Japanese were made the scapegoat of the Americans.
Therefore, it is argued that China5s economic policies are responsible for the job losses in the U.S.
American consumers either buy Chinese low priced goods or go elsewhere to buy them at higher prices.
It is obvious that the U.S.was making a left-handed complaint for ulterior purposes by harping on the a undervalued RMB.
In the second half of 2002, the price level in China showed an increase month by month.
And the consumer price index in early 2003 turned for the positive.
The World Metallurgy Expo Shanghai 2001 has been officially opened in Shanghai International Exhibition Center today.
We cordially welcome friends home and abroad to Shanghai for cooperation in technology trading, technology service and project investing.
The achievement of China's metallurgical industry during the past 20 years of reform and opening-up has drawn the world's attention.
However, China would not be able to participate in the decision-making on the final results.
On 19 May 2000, a bilateral agreement was also reached between China and the European Union.
This document reflected a global consensus, at the highest levels of government, which the world urgently needed to change course.
Until the Earth Summit, the world had only asked for more production, more consumption, and more development.
Financial incentives are therefore offered to improve or maintain high levels of productivity and quality.
Various studies have demonstrated a measurable relationship between incentive plans and improved organizational performance.
Service organizations, not-for-profit, and government agencies also show productivity gains when incentives are linked to organizational goals.
Second,management may have failed to give adequate attention to the design and implementation of the plan.
Furthermore, the success of an incentive plan will depend on the environment that exist within an organization.
China hopes that the trade issues could be handled properly through dialogues and consultations on an equal footing.
Any unilateral actions are non-constructive and cannot help resolve the disputes.
But all of these loans had been repaid by the end of 1991.
Over the past decades, the national GDP has been hovering above 9%, which is considerably higher than the world's average.
Since 2003,the momentum of sound economic development has continued, with the GDP growth in the first quarter increasing by 9.9%.
A slight deflation occurred in China during the period of 2001-2002.
Since the beginning of this year, however, it has registered its first positive turn since November 2001.
In the agricultural sector, Production Brigades and People's Communes were collectively owned, whereas the industrial sector was nearly entirely state-owned.
At present, China still faces the daunting task of further rationalizing the ownership structure of its economy.
In particular, ownership transformation of SOEs remains a primary bottleneck to China's economic reform today.
The size of the state sector is so large that there is a need for strategic adjustment.
In this respect, there is no precedence to fall back on in the world.
Huaxia Corp.is a large business entity with import and export as its main line of business supported by manufacturing.
It also branches out into domestic trade, storage and transportation, international shipping agency, as well as real estate.
The wide range of commodities handled by Huaxia Corp.includes more than 1,500 items that come under over 30 categories.
Flying Dragon Technology Co.Ltd.got listed at the Shanghai Security Exchange on May 28, 1997.
It ranked the eighth in 2003 in the Fortune Magazine among the top 100 listed Chinese companies.
And between 1998 and 2002, it was consecutively included in the top 50 listed Chinese companies.
Particularly for the import of steel and iron ores, FlyingDragon has been acting as the main channel of importation.
Against the backdrop of growing economic globalization, trade liberalization has captured increasing attention.
The key lies in how to cope with these issues correctly in a cool and wise manner.
As for China-U.S.trade, mutually beneficial and win-win trade and economic ties have delivered tangible economic benefits to the two peoples.
Now, with over 40,000 U.S.-invested enterprises, the total U.S.investment in China stands at $45 billion.
Wal-Mart and other U.S.retailing firms are also doing successfully in China.
At the same time, many Chinese commodities have become favored choices of American consumers.
Meanwhile,the number of Chinese-invested enterprises in the United States hassurpassed 1,000.
The overall development in bilateral trade and economic cooperation is, however, irreversible.
Firstly, the Sino-U.S.economic and trade relations enjoy complementarities in vast fields.
Statistics show that 90 percent of U.S.imports from China do not compete with locally made products.
Some of the differences derive from a lack of mutual understanding.
Therefore, we can narrow the differences and strengthen our cooperation through dialogue and consultation.
As the biggest continent on the earth, Asia takes up 60 percent population.
These developments will provide important channels and mechanisms for wider exchanges and deeper cooperation among Asian countries and region.
However, compared With Europe and North America, Asia's regional cooperation is lagging behind.
Lately, there have been quite a few insightful views offered on the orientation of regional cooperation inAsia.
First, we should focus on economic cooperation and develop all-end cooperaucn in a step-by-step fashion.
Third,we should further step up bilateral consolidate the basis of regional cooperation.
We will honor our WTO commitments, opening more areas in a step-by-step manner, lowering our tariffs and removing non-tariff barriers.
The people in Asia are diligent, talented and persistent in self-development.
I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce China's laws and regulations concerning foreign-capital enterprises.
Foreign-capital enterprises shall be established in such a manner as to help the development of China's national economy.
The State shall encourage the establishment of export-oriented and technologically advanced foreign-capital enterprises.
If it fails to do so, the industry and commerce administrative authorities may cancel its business license.
Foreign-capital enterprises shall provide necessary conditions for the activities of the trade unions in their respective enterprises.
Against the backdrop of growing economic globalization, trade liberalization has attracted increasing attention.
There are two possible development scenarios for the process of economic globalization and trade liberalization.
Closer cooperation between enterprises is a major trend in enterprise development today.
While helping Chinese enterprises develop, overseas enterprises have also benefited from the cooperation, hence mutualbenefit and all-win.
China will take a more active part in regional and global economic and technicalcooperation.
The key lies in how to cope with trade frictions and disputes correctly in a cool and wise manner.
Mutually beneficial and win-win trade and economic ties have delivered tangible economic benefits to the two peoples.
As the biggest continent on the earth, Asia has abundant resources,a long history and profound cultures.
In recent years, there has been a growing awareness of regional cooperation featuring greater tolerance, equality and gradual progress.
Regional cooperation and bilateral cooperation can very well complement each other.
We will honor our WTO commitments,opening more areas in a step-by-step manner, lowering our tariffs and removing nontariff barriers.
Dry soybean contains about 40% of high quality protein, being champion of grains.
Adzuki can promote suliva secretion, urination, dissipate swelling and stop vomit,
It has not only good edible value, but also good medical value.
The nutrients contained can keep skin smooth and tender, restrain and delay wrinkle generation.
It can resist chemical carcinogen, and often intake can improve cell longevity and delay caducity.
It is especially suited to the pregnant, the old, children, maternity patient and the weak.
It is guaranteed that there is no article pigment is contained.
It is produced by traditional process, and tastes mellow and fine, 
Often intake of date can improve immune mechanism of human body.
Daylily is a traditional vegetable or medicine which is very beneficial to modern people.
This flower tea has a marked curative effects to chronic pharyngitis.
The product is natural wild apricot, the tastes of the products can not be ensured as the same one. 
During the operation, please gradually increase the strength and frequency from minimum.
Children under 14 years old should be accompanied by parents to use this device.
With "Dabao" morning and night, sooner or later your skin shall highlight.
This model of calculator is efficient and durable, economical and practical for middle school students.
A healthy person has more than 10-30 million probiotic bacteria and yeast, and only 1 million cells in our bodies.
As bright and sweet as candy, this glowing necklace is full of feminine flair.
These machines have few breakdowns and are easy to maintain because of their simple mechanical structure.
Our silk garments are made of super pure silk material and by traditional skills.
As our machines are made of light and hard alloy, they are both portable and durable.
Our product has all the features you need and is 20% cheaper compared with that of Japanese make.
Vacuum cleaners of this brand are competitive in the international market and are the best-selling products of their kind.
By virtue of this superior quality, this product is often sold out of stock in many areas.
The unique, minty flavor is what you can’t get anywhere else. 
Doublemint is one of the largest selling gum brands in the world, available in over 140 countries.
Chew gum can help you control craving, improve your oral health, and help you stay focused and relax yourself.
We have the three-dimensional explanatory chart and 1/4 section explanatory chart as below.
LED is supplied by low-voltage power, so it is safer than supplied by high-voltage power.
It can be prepared into various shaped devices, and suitable for the inconstant environment.
The expectancy of LED is more than incandescence lamp, it is more than ten times as an ordinary incandescence lamp.
With the current increases, it will turn into orange, yellow, and green finally.
It is widely applied to the Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Industry.
The Copper Alloy Tube has the good corrosion resistance ability and the high intensity.
The Aluminum Tube not only has the merit of plain tube, furthermore it is convenient for packing and Transportation.
Stick mother luggage, Oxford cloth luggage, password boxes, light and practical. 
Simple fashion design is a new manifestation of modern life style of leisure. 
There are two specifications for the products, 20-inch and 24-inch, the prices are different for different specifications.
These clothes satisfy busy working women's requirements for both efficiency and beauty. 
The chiffon dress can not be placed in a plastic dust bag, preferably placed in cloth dust bag.
This garment fabric has the texture of genuine leather yet softer than it.
Two folding parasol,  silver-wire jacquard fabric,  with a diameter of 100CM after opening and solid wood engraving handle.
The shell fabric is 100% cotton canvas, and lining is polyester mesh.
 The vest has six pockets in different sizes for multiple uses. 
The products have tidy and beautiful appearances, uniform lacquer veins, high strengths and long durability.
When exposed under sunshine, there are no yellow, hazing or poor light transmission caused.
Never contact the organic solution or glue and paint consisting of the organic solution.
The distinction of our product is its very high quality and compact size.
You can use the earphone to listen to music, watch videos and receive calls.
The mobile phone holster is for the protection of mobile phones and to avoid wear and tear.
Top of the screen icon in the status bar provides information about the phone.
The machine is suitable for use in construction sites and warehouses for installation of equipment.
This product is made of the selected natural shell-less pumpkin seeds uniquely bred in China.
Lashes are instantly thickened, lengthened and seductively curved in one sweep.
Do not dispose battery in a fire as they may explode.
Effects: freckle removing, skin whitening and rejuvenation, similarly effective to sunburn pigmentation.
Please do not use this product with other functional cosmetics possibly.
Please drink less alcohol, eat less spicy food, and get enough sleep during the use of this product.
If it is contacted with your eyes, rinse with water immediately.
In order to extend our export business to your country, we wish to enter into direct business relations with you.
Our hope is to establish mutually beneficial trading relations between us.
We look forward to a further extension of pleasant business relations.
It’s our hope to continue with considerable business dealing with you.
I hope you’ll see from the reduction that we are really doing our utmost.
We hope to discuss business with you at your earliest convenience.
We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes.
I hope we can do business together, and look forward to hearing from you soon.
We sincerely hope that this transaction will turn out to the satisfaction of both parties.
It is hoped that you would seriously take this matter into consideration and let us have your reply soon.
We are looking forward to having your early reply to this matter.
We hope that this dispute can be settled through friendly negotiation without its being submitted for arbitration.
We hope that you can settle the claim as quickly as possible.
We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
We expect that you will offer us a lower price as soon as possible.
We hope that the matter can be brought to a satisfactory solution.
I do hope this undesirable incident will not stand in the way of our future business.
We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
I wish that this business will bring benefit to both of us.
We hope this incident will not bring any harm to our pleasant relations.
This model of typewriter is efficient and durable, economical and practical for middle school students.
The new type of suitcase car designed by our engineers is very ingenious and practical.
The maximum speed of this kind of variable-speed bicycle is 30 km per hour.
This kind of type is characteristic of nonskid stops on wet roads.
This kind of air conditioning system is practical and economical for the needs of your company.
Our products are of superb quality as well as the typical oriental make-up.
Our silk garments are made of super pre silk materials and by traditional silks.
The garments are magnificent and tasteful and have a long enjoyed great fame both at home and abroad.
As our typewriters are made of light and hard alloy, they are both portable and durable.
“Forever” multiple speed racing bicycles are sure to be salable in your market.
Our goods are greatly appreciated in other markets similar to your own.
Our products are superior in quality and moderate in price and are sure to be saleable in your market.
There has been a steady demand in our market for this kind of toy.
We have the pleasure in recommending you the goods similar to the samples you sent.
We wish to introduce ourselves to you as a sate-owned corporation dealing exclusively in light industrial goods.
We are introducing ourselves as one of the lading exporters of the same line of business.
We have the pleasure of introducing ourselves to you as a state corporation specializing in the export of canned goods.
We introduce ourselves as dealers in bicycles and spare parts. We have been in this line for over two decades.
Our corporation is specialized in handling the export business of textiles.
Our company mainly deals with the export business of silk goods.
We are now doing a large import business in fruits from Southeast Asia.
Our activities cover a wide range of commodities, such as ties, belts and shirts.
We are in a position to accept orders against customers samples specifying design, specifications and packaging requirements.
Our corporation is a major producer of technically advanced machinery and chemicals for industry and agriculture.
We have been engaged in the glass business with many Asian countries for many years.
Our company is mainly in the line of exporting Chinese art objects to European markets.
We also do import and export business in chemicals and agricultural products.
Our corporation is a group enterprise integrating scientific research, business, production and service.
We are prepared to accept orders for goods with customers’ own trade marks or brand names.
We have been handling leather shoes and gloves for more than 20 years.
We have been engaged for two decades in the manufacture of such equipment.
We assure you that such things will not happen again in our future deliveries.
I can promise you that the products we send you will be of A-1 quality.
I give you my word that the payment will be made not later that the end of June.
I promise I will check into these problems, and find out if they were our fault.
We can make sure that these goods will avoid being damaged during the transit.
Pleas quote us for the goods listed on the enclosed inquiry sheet, giving your process CIF Jakarta.
Pleas quote us your lowest price CIF Hamburg for 10MT of walnut meat.
Pleas quote us FOB London for 100 reams of good quality white poster paper.
Pleas quote us your most competitive prices in order to consummate business.
Pleas quote us your best price and let us know the minimum quantity for each order.
Pleas make us as offer on CIF Hong Kong basis for handmade leather gloves.
Pleas make us an offer, giving your price FOB New York.
We have already made an inquiry for your articles; pleas make an offer before the end of this month.
I would like to make an inquiry about this type of leather bag.
We shall be pleased if you will furnish us with your quotation for this product.
we want to know the price CIF Tokyo for your printed shirting 
We shall be very glad to receive an offer from you on this brand of radios.
We should like to know the offer for the price of this kind.
We would like to know the minimum order quantities per color and per design.
Can you supply this quality at approximately 50 cents per meter?
If our order is a substantial one, how much will you bring your price down?
How much discount could you offer on an order of this size?
Here is a list of my requirements. I’d like to have your lowest quotations, CIF New York.
Pleas let us have your best quotation by tomorrow, together with the appropriate time of shipment.
This offer is subject to your reply reaching here on or before 26th June.
We make you’re the offer subject to your reply reaching us not later than noon December 23.
This offer will remain effective for another 10 days from June 1,
Since the market is advancing rapidly, the price we offered you is the best, I believe.
here are our latest price sheets. You’ll see that our prices are most competitive.
We believe that the price we offer you can compete well with those of other firms.
We hope you will accept our offer and give us your order soon.
We feel that our offer will give you full satisfaction and hope to receive a favorable reply from you soon.
If you think our proposal acceptable, pleas let us have your order at an early date.
We are interested in making you an offer on our hand-made carpets, which are well received in the overseas markets.
We offer you 1500 tons of Canada Oats at the price of $400 per ton.
We can quote you a price of $75 a typewriter and a 10% discount on shipping.
We offer you firm 2000 tons of chemical fertilizer at $150 per long ton CIF Vietnam for delivery in April.
I have here our price sheet on an FAS vessel basis. The prices are given without engagement.
As prices are steadily rising, we would advise you to place your order without delay.
We hope you will consider our counter-offer most favorably and tell us your decision at your earliest convenience.
Your competitors are offering considerably lower prices and unless you can reduce your quotations, we shall have to buy elsewhere.
To accept your present quotation would mean a heavy loss to us, not to speak of profit.
We can obtain the same quality through another channel at a much lower price than that you quoted us.
There is a big difference between your price and those of your competitors.
If you insist on your original offer, it will reduce our profit considerably.
We didn’t expect that the discount you offer would be so low.
Your price should be based on the actual situation of our customer.
Your offer is not acceptable because we have another supplier offering similar quality products at a 4% discount.
Your quotation is by no means favorable with those of other origins.
I’m sorry to say that your prices are about 9% higher than those offered by other suppliers.
Compared with what is quoted by other suppliers, your price is uncompetitive.
Our counter-offer is well in line with the international market fair and reasonable.
We regret to say that your offer is not in the least encouraging.
We regret that it is impossible for us to entertain the bid.
You’re making us pay too high a price. That’ll put us in a tight corner.
It would be impossible for me to push any sales at such high prices.
Your quotation of sewing machines is too high to be acceptable.
We regret to say that there is no possibility of business because of your high price.
if you hang on to the original offer, business is impossible.
If you are able to make the price easier, we might take a larger quantity.
We think that your offer is not favorable for us to increase the market share on our end.
Your counter-offer is much too low, especially considering the small amount of your order.
Considerable quantities have been sold at this level, any further reduction is out of the question.
This is our rock-bottom price. We can’t make any further concessions.
This is the very best offer we can make for your. We consider this is a rock-bottom price indeed.
This is a special offer and is not subject to our usual discount.
The possibility of a fall in price is rather remote, I’m afraid.
The price we offer you is the lowest, we cannot do better.
We very much regret to say that we can’t cut the price to the extent your required.
We are in a difficult position to satisfy your request for reducing the price.
It is really difficult to comply with your request for shading the price.
I dare say that the prices we offer compare favorably with any quotations you can obtain elsewhere.
I’m afraid you won’t find another company who will give you a cheaper price than ours.
Our offer might be a bit high, but you will soon make bigger profits when market fluctuations stop.
The present market situation is on an upward trend, so you don’t have to worry about the profit.
Our product is rather competitive, so there is no question of profit.
Your counter-offer seems to be a little tight. If so, our profit margin will be too small.
If you increase your initial order to 30,000, I suppose we would consider reducing the price to $380 per unit.
If you double the order, we may consider giving you an 8% discount.
The best we can do is to allow you 2% off our quotation.
There are so many rich people in your area. To them, a high price means a good quality product.
If you stick to your counter-offer without any compromise, we might not be able to make a deal.
Your bid is obviously out of line with the price ruling in the present market.
We regret that we cannot book your order according to your counter-offer.
Our table-cloths are moderately priced and quite salable in your market.
We don’t think that this price can be considered high in your market.
We feel that your counter-offer is not proper because the price for such material is on the rise at present.
We are not in a position to entertain business at your price, since it is far below our cost price.
All your quotations are on an FOB Vancouver basis. May I ask if you allow any discount?
If you are prepared to give me some allowance, i’ll consider placing an order for 10000 doze.
Should you be prepared to reduce your price, we might come to terns.
If I show you an offer lower than yours, would you be able to conclude transaction at that price?
If the order is substantial one, how much will you come down?
May we suggest that you make some allowance on your quoted prices?
If we place an order for 2000 dozen up, can you give us a special discount?
If our order is more than 10000 MT, will you give us an additional 6% commission?
We hope you will allow us come discount on our purchase of 6000 dozen?
We’d like to ask for a reduction in price because of the big size of our order.
Since the present market is so weak, you’ll have to lower your price if you want us to increase sales.
May we suggest that you could perhaps make some allowance on your quoted prices?
If you reduce the price by 2%, I think we can do 20 MT.
If possible, we’d like to ask for a reduction of $5.5 per M/T.
If you are willing to give me a 5% reduction, i’ll order 5000 dozen.
We shall book a trial order with you, provided you will give us a 5% commission.
Only by cutting the price by more than 10% can more customers be lured to buy your products.
We would like to ask for 10% off your offer if our offer is more than 2500 units per season.
We hope that you will give us a special discount of 2% if we order more than 10000 sets.
Please make a discount of 5% off the prices in the catalogue.
Hope that you will make at least a 4% reduction on your quotation, or business is not possible.
We can accept the goods only at a reduction of 20% on the contract price.
If you can lower your limit by 5%, business is hopeful.
We will place our order with you if you could lower your price to $1200 Per MT.
On orders for one hundred pieces or more we allow a special discount of 1.5%
A discount of 5% may be allow if the quantity for each specification is more than 1000 sets.
For quantities of more than 500 units, we can offer a discount of 15% on our price list.
We are glad to make a 5% discount for an order of 100 dozen or more.
We will entitle you to a 10% discount during July on anything you buy.
You can receive a special 15% discount on orders placed before the end of December.
If your order is large enough, we are ready to reduce our prices by 5%
If an order is exceptionally large we are prepared to increase the discount.
To help you sell our product, as an exception, we’ll give you a special discount of 2%.
We’ll bring our price down by 4% for a good start for our business relationship.
In order to close this deal we shall further reduce our price by 5%
In order to wind up this transaction with you, we are ready to take 3% off this original quotation.
After careful consideration, we decided to bring the price down to $420 per unit.
We are prepared to offer our computers to you at the special discount rate of 15%
In view of our good cooperation over the past few years, we are prepared to accept your price.
As a gesture of friendship, we accept the price of $50,000 for 1000 pairs of leather shoes.
It sees there is nothing more I can do but accept this price.
I think that we should come to a compromise with each other in order to get the deal done.
If it is really so, we have to agree to your payment terms.
We’d like to reduce the original offer slightly as a compromise.
In order to encourage business, we are prepared to make a reduction.
We found we could make a step further provided the quantity would be no less than one million tons.
To show our sincerity, we are prepared to make you a special concession of 6%.
Considering your substantial order, we can give you this exceptional treatment.
Since it is the case, we would exceptionally comply with your request by reducing our price to $5 per piece.
We are pleased to grand you a 7% discount from the original offer since you agree to increase the order.
To get business underway, we agree to take this as an exceptional case.
10% is out of the question, but we are prepared to offer you 8%.
As a special accommodation, we agree to your D/P payment terms, but only for once.
We are pleased to give you an order for 3000 computers in the current stock at the prices you quoted.
We wish to order from you your products as per our purchase.
We are pleased to place with you an order for 2000 washing machines to be supplied from current stock.
We wish to order from you according to this purchase order.
Thank you for your quotation dated May 20th, and this is our official order for 10 palace lanterns.
We are glad to inform you that your samples are satisfactory. We would like to order four of the terms.
If the quality is up to our exception, we shall send further orders in the near future.
We should be glad if you would accept our order for coffee whose number is No. 3003.
What is the minimum quantity of an order for your goods?
I am trusted to place an order for 100 sewing machines at 250$ each.
If you can fill our order of 5000 ties very soon we’d like to place the order with you now.
We hoped that you can accept the order in the buyer’s design and measurement.
Since you are so eager to secure a order from us now we can place an order with you.
We will send you the order very soon, please hurry on the execution of the order.
If we are satisfied with the product, I think we will place more orders.
The order is so urgently required that we must ask you to make the earliest possible shipment.
We can now confirm you the order for 500 bed sheets and pillow cases.
We are glad to receive your order and confirm the acceptance for it.
This is our sales confirmation confirming your order No 26 of April 10th.
We have accepted your order of June 10th for 300 typewriters.
We acknowledged your order of May 5th for 100 unit motorcycle P180.
We have decided to accept your order in spite of the current shortage of the goods.
We thank you for your order of 20th May and supply you with 2,000 ties No.235.
You maybe assure that we shall do our best to execute the order to your satisfaction.
We promise to give our best tension to the execution of your order.
We regret that owning to the shortage of stocks we are unable to fill your order.
It is impossible for us supply 3,000 sets for the time being.
Mr.Li is spending three weeks in your city to develop our business with chief manufactures and to make purchases of decorative fabrics for the coming season.
We shall be most grateful if you will introduce him to reliable manufacturers and give him any help or advice he may need.
Owing to the large increase in the volume of our trade with this country we have decided to open a branch here, with Mr Wang Hai as manager.
We look forward to receiving from you a detailed report on the situation and suggestions as to how we may help in restoring our sales to their former level.
We wish you success in your new post and look forward to closer cooperation with you in the development of business between our two organizations.
I wish also to thank you for the assistance you have given me in my work and look forward to better cooperation in the future.
We should like to invite your corporation to attend the 1997 International Fair which will be held from April 15 to May 5 at the above address.
Mr, Li will be in your city from April 2 to 7 to make specific arrangements and would verymuch appreciate your assistance.
The Buyers are requested to establish the L/C in amount with the indicated percentage over the total value of the order as per this Sales Contract.
Except in cases where the insurance is covered by the Buyers as arranged, insurance is to be covered by the Sellers with a Chinese insurance company.
All disputes arising in connection with this Sales Contract or the execution thereof shall be settled by way of amicable negotiation.
Should the articles stipulated in this Contract be in conflict with the following supplementary condition(s), the supplementary condition(s) should be taken as valid and binding.
With China's accession to the WTO, the Chinese government will adopt positive measures in the following nine aspects to attract more foreign investment to its Central and Western Regions.
To stick to the development guidelines focusing on industrial projects, FDI absorption and export, with a special emphasis on high and nev/ technology development.
The Chinese governmen will make elaborate efforts to improve the investment climate to make the environment more attractive to foreign investors.
China is quickening the amendments to and formulation of relevant laws and regulations to attract FDI and perfecting its foreign related economic legal system.
It is setting up a uniform, standard and open foreign investment access system and reducing items subject to examination and approval.
Governmental functions are being transformed at a higher speed with the sense of administration according to law built up and administrative efficiency raised.
Random fees and fines, unauthorized inspections and compulsory donations are firmly prohibited in pace with the ongoing rectification and standardization of market economic order conducted by the Chinese government.
Regional protection and industrial monopoly are being tom down so as to create a uniform and open market environment for fair competition of foreign funded enterprises,
Sino-US trade relations, which constitute an essential and dynamic part, are the firm foundation for the development of bilateral relations between the two nations.
The marked differences between the two countries in resource composition, industrial structure and consumption leveldecides that the two economies are highly complementary and mutually beneficial.
In the same year, the two governments signed the bilateral Agreement on Trade Relations, in which most-favored-nation trade status was extended to each other on a mutually beneficial basis.
U.S.imports from China include textiles and garments, footwear, toys, home appliances, general machinery tools, hardware, lighting products, furniture and so on.
The United States is now the second largest trading partner and import source of China while China is the fourth largest trade partner of the U.S.
By 2005 the figure was $ 14 trillion， and this year's will approach $ 17 trillion — nearly 5 times as high.
As China's development has continued and China has become a major world economy， we see changed patterns in China's economic engagement with the world.
China's trade boom supports economic growth around the world， reduces poverty in China， strengthens China's relationships， and ultimately helps foster a stronger peace.
Indeed， these outcomes are consistent with the basic principles of the world trading system and the vision set forth by its founders 60 years ago.
But because the pace of integration is so rapid， and because China is so large， integration is a disruptive as well as a beneficial event.
Some of its ripple effects relate to the relationships between China and regional trading partners, some relate to macroeconomic issues that affect the global economy as a whole.
Or， they can try to cooperate in easing the frictions， tensions and imbalances that have emerged， as I hope they will.
First， China's economic growth has remade the Asian economic map， reshaping a 50-year-old pattern of Pacific trade and investment centered on exports to the United States.
In effect， Asian development rested upon FDI from Japan， and then from the newly industrializing countries， plus an economically receptive American market.
China's opening， beginning with domestic economic reform and then accelerated by the implementation of WTO commitments， has sparked a wave of investment in the mainland:
Japan， Korea， Taiwan， Hong Kong and Singapore combine each year to invest $ 40- $ 50 billion in FDI in China.
And the least-developed Asian states， such as Cambodia and Bangladesh， seem to be getting relatively little benefit from exports to China while being squeezed hard in the American clothing market.
Even the United States，a $12 or $ 13 trillion economy， cannot accommodate $200 billion in import growth in five years without some stress and anxiety.
You see the social adjustment in the fact that our manufacturing employment has fallen from 17 to 14 million since 2000.
And the tensions are accented by the rise in our trade and current-account deficits since 2000， coupled more recently with a rapid rise in China's surpluses.
Europe has similar worries about competitiveness， highlighted by the EU's recent clothing and shoe import restrictions， and a growing concern about Europe's global economic positioning.
Japan's concerns often tend to be more strategic， revolving around the Japanese place in Asian markets and the long-term political relationship between Asia's two leading economies.
And this ripple effect of China's reemergence will not abate anytime soon， as we will see both before and after the 2006 and 2008 U.S.elections.
The third ripple effect of China's reemergence is felt in commodity markets-the impact of China's development on both commodity-rich developing countries and commodity-consuming nations.
China's oil consumption is still far behind ours in America， but now ranks second in the world and will soon equal that of Japan and Germany combined.
But such change is an important and inevitable effect of China's reemergence， which will continue to have both positive and negative implications worldwide.
When talking about China-US trade， we should not overlook one fundamental fact， that is， in the past 25 years， two-way trade has experienced a tremendous expansion.
China is the worlds largest developing country with a huge market， fast development and a low cost of labor， but short in capital and relatively backward in technology and management.
On the other hand， the US is the worlds largest developed country， big in economic size， abundant in capital， and advanced in science and technology.
Such diversity and complementarity will remain for a long time，and are likely to feature more prominently in the ongoing economic globalization.
Problems such as US trade deficit with China， the RMB exchange rate， and intellectual protection， are of concern to many quarters of US society.
But they are also problems that come along with expanded China-US trade， and they can be ironed out gradually since common understanding on them is entirely obtainable.
As whirlpools are sometimes found in a surging river， the flows of history can also be interrupted by some occasional setbacks.
So long as the two sides act in good faith， such problems can be resolved properly through equal consultation and expanded cooperation.
A review of China-US trade and economic relations in the past quarter of a century reveals certain important experience and lessons that we should bear in mind.
I would like to propose the following five principles for fair trade and economic partnership between China and the US for your consideration.
The two sides should seek consensus on major issues while reserving differences on minor issues， instead of imposing restrictions or sanctions at every turn.
They are essential for a correct understanding and proper handling of possible trade disputes or frictions between our two countries in the years ahead.
By putting development first， we mean to take a forward-looking approach that allows us to narrow the trade gap through continued expansion of two-way trade.
But reducing Chinese exports to the US is no good answer， for so doing serves neither China nor the US in solving its unemployment problem.
At the same time， we hope the US will recognize China's market economy status， and lift its export restrictions on high-tech products.
Britain had the first industrial revolution 200 years ago and brought one of the most far reaching changes in human history.
And ultimately neither of us can succeed as insular nations and we see great gains on both sides from joining together as the champions of an open， flexible， inclusive globalization.
Over the centuries Britain has had free trading relationships with every country in the world， and particularly deep relationships with America， Europe and the Commonwealth.
There are now in total 350 mainland Chinese companies investing in the UK to work with and secure 100 more inward investment projects from China.
I believe that the UK market offers significant advantages to commercially motivated international investors who respect the rules of our market， including market transparency.
We are keen to engage with China and internationally on how to ensure best practice in Sovereign Wealth Funds， particularly in transparency and corporate governance.
The Chinese government has fast tracked the approval process， so during this visit I am pleased to be able to open the London Stock Exchange office in Beijing.
We will， fourthly， continue to work with the Chinese government to open up financial services in China and increase trade between us in the years ahead.
Finally， as leading economies both Britain and China share a duty to deliver future prosperity and do so in a sustainable way.
What is clear is that globalization need not be a zero sum game where one country or one continent win and succeed only at the expense of the other.
Instead by strengthening cooperation between Britain and China， this will enable both of us to make the most of the possibilities that globalization offers.
And I believe that the new global prosperity partnership that I am outlining today will help each of us prosper and lead in the new world .
The incorporation of CITIC has opened for China a window to the outside world in terms of utility of foreign investment and external financing.
In the past， Chinese would set aside money for many months or years in order to afford a piece of relatively expensive goods.
With the deepening of China's economic interactions with the outside world since the start of reform and opening up， the mentality of Chinese people have witnessed radical changes.
In 1985， the Shenzhen Branch of the China Construction Bank issued the first home mortgage loans to a customer in China.
Foreign financial institutions harvested profits amounting to US $ 446 million in 2005 while in 2001， it was registered at US $ 196 million.
The Chinese government has been fulfilling its WTO commitments strictly on time or even ahead of schedule in terms of opening up the financial sector.
With restrictions on RMB business to be removed in 2006， the market share of foreign banks in RMB business is likely to further expand.
By 2005， 25 foreign banks had taken stakes in altogether 20 domestic banks， with some banks investing in different domestic banks.
What I want to say is that the computer Internet is transforming business operation patterns and contributing to what is called the new information economy.
It does not mean stock prices will stay at their lofty levels or that there will never be another bear market.
But because of what I view as higher productivity， I see the possibility of sustained economic growth without the threat of inflation， more jobs and higher wages.
There are few more predictable conversations around the dinner tables of SAR financial and government sorts than the perennial question of whether Hong Kong will beeclipsed by its northern competitor.
Just as the Venetian states and Liverpool fell off the trading map as the locus of trade and economic activity shifted, so Hong Kong's "competitive advantage" has a narrow window.
Hong Kong well knows the advantage of critical mass over ambitious competitors that protest to try harden It has had that relationship with Singapore for years.
Japanese policymakers are in a real fix They seem to have tried almost everything to deal with the persistent1 deflation in the world's second-biggest economy, but failed.
They have pumped trillions of yen into the economy,in fact, they have issued so many government bonds that their credit rating is threatened.
Industrial production withered by 13% in the year to November, and consumer prices, which have been falling since 1999, are expected to continue to decline this year
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, it appeared as if inflation was the only eviL But deflation comes with its own problems.
In Japan, there are two other problems:real interest rates, that is interest rates after inflation8, become very high,and deflation swells an already heavy debt burden in real terms.
When talking about China-U.S, trade1, we should not overlook one fundamental  fact, that is, in the past 25 years, two-way trade has expanded enormously.
Of the top 500 U.S, companies, more than 400 have come to China, and most of them are making a handsome profit.
When other countries are in recession, they don't have the ability to engage in anti-recessionary policies because they can't have a permissive monetary policy.
In a soft voice which bears the traces of his native Hungary, he argues that it is time to rewrite the so-called Washington consensus.
Developing countries no longer have the freedom to run their own economies, he argues, even when they follow perfectly sound policies.
He cites Brazil, which although it has a floating currency and manageable public debt was paying ten times over the odds to borrow from capital markets.
Because the IMF has abandoned billion dollar bailouts for troubled economies, he thinks a repeat of the Asian crisis is unlikely.
The bailouts were a welfare system for Wall Street, with western taxpayers rescuing the banks from the consequences of unwise lending to emerging economies.
I would like the United States to live up to the responsibilities of its hegemonic power because it is not going to give up its hegemonic power
The reason for such rapid growth in China-U.S. trade is, in the final analysis, the high degree to which the economies complement each other.
China is the world s largest developing country with a huge market, fast development and low labor costs, but short of capital and relatively backward in technology and management skills.
These diverse yet interlocking qualities  will remain for a long time, and are likely to feature more prominently in the ongoing economic globalization.
Starbucks China doesn't plan any advertising,promotions, or other marketing strategies,aside from sponsoring an on-line coffee club and the occasional office-tower coffee tast. 
The computerized mapping databases that the company uses to test a potential street comer in the United States would be little help in Chinese cities.
40 years old guys are not coffee dnnkers, but if the environment is good and the coffee is not bad, theyUl come back.
The store layout artwork and food options make Starbucks more friendly to Chinese eves, but coffee remains the core offering and people don't go there for the coffee.
The number of companies listed on NASDAQ is more than that on any of the other stock exchanges in the United States.
Because brokers and market makers trade stocks directly instead of on the floor of a stock exchange NASDAQ is called an over-the-counter market.
The term over-the-counter refers to the direct nature ofthe trading, as in a store where goods are handed over a counter.
Now poised to become the worlds first truly global market, the NASDAQ Stock Market is the market of choice for business industry leaders worldwide.
By providing an efficient environment for raising capital NASDAQ has helped thousands of companies achieve their desired growth and successfully make the leap into public ownership.
In 1997, during the Asian financial crisis,  we withstood pressures for renminbi devaluation and since then, the band of fluctuation6 of the value of the renminbi has been narrow.
The exchange rate of a country's currency should be set in accordance wit its national conditions and the state of its economic and financial sector.
We have to admit that not enough has been done in this field, even though the small and medium-sized enterprises play an important role in creating job opportunities.
So while we step up regulation and improve our capability to avoid financial risks, we should make sure that the banks provide them with more financing.
Amid all the hammerings investors have endured since early 2000, the market plunge after September's terrorist attacks would seem to qualify as a bottom.
Following a two-day, 25% selloff in October 1929, the market seemed to recover and then spent another three years falling apart all over again.
A November 1989 National Association for Business Economists survey found them at their most optimistic in a decade, predicting clear sailing for at least three years.
Only the 1,111 -day bear market of 1946-1949 was appreciably longer than the current 654-day one and the 1973-1974 bear market lasted 694 days.
In fact, by the time the media fills with warnings of recession, as it has in recent weeks, the worst has usually passed.
If you end up with a $50,000 capital loss, only $3,000 of it can be used annually to offset salary andinterest income, but the other $47,000 doesn't go to waste.
First, Argentina learned to its surprise that the volume of capital flowing to developing countries is determined primarily by global conditions, not by local economic performance.
With its huge reserves and low external debt, China today is a long way from suffenng from the problems of ArgenUna.
It is almost certain that domestic and external debt levels will grow sharply as the countryadjusts to new trade patterns and capital flight.
A number of writers have raised questions about the desirability of faster economic growth as an end in itself, at least in the wealthier industrialized countries.
To those who hold this belief, a healthy economy is one that is capable of turning out vast quantities of shoes, food, cars, and TV sets.
An economy whose capacity to provide all these things is not expanding is said to have succumbed to the disease of stagnation.
Marx believed that "the development of the productive powers of society...alone can form the real basis of a higher form of productive powers of society".
Yet the desirability of further economic growth for a society that is already wealthy has been questioned on grounds that undoubtedly have a good deal of validity.
It is said that industry has transformed the satisfying and creative tasks of the artisan into the mechanical and dehumanizing routine of the assembly line.
The question is whether the outpouring of frozen foods, talking dolls, radios, and headache remedies is worth its high cost to society.
The continued pursuit of economic growth by Western Societies is more likely on balance to reduce rather than increase social welfare...
Nevertheless, they all emphasize that pollution of air and water, noise and congestion, and the mechanization of the work process are very real and very serious problems.
Within countries and among them there are huge gaps between the living standards of the rich and those of the poor.
If there were only advantages to international trade, there would be free trade among nations and there would be little debate over international trade.
Trade within a country is ordinarily free of the obstructions of strange language, customs, and commercial laws, but these obstructions may be greatly involved in international trade.
Although most people continue to live as citizens of a single nation, they are culturally, materially, and psychologically engaged with the lives of people in other countries as never before.
Items common to our everyday lives - such as the clothes we wear, the food we eat, and the cars we drive - are the products of globalization.
The most dramatic evidence of globalization is the increase in trade and the movement of capital (stocks, bonds, currencies, and other investments).
As for capital, in the early l970s only $ 10 billion to $ 20 billion in national currencies were exchanged daily.
By the early part of the 2lst century more than $ 1.5 trillion were traded daily to support the expanded levels of trade and investment.
A three-minute telephone call from New York City to London in 1930 cost more than $ 300 (in year 2000 prices), making instant communication very expensive.
Using a computer to do banking on the Internet, for example, costs the banking industry pennies per transaction instead of dollars by traditional methods.
Over the last third of the 20th century the real cost of computer processing power fell by 35 percent on average each year.
People can be almost anywhere and remain in instant communication with their employers, customers, or families 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
For example, communications satellites allow global television broadcasts to bring news of faraway events, such as wars and national disasters as well as sports and other forms of entertainment.
The global corporation Cisco Systems, for example, is one of the world's largest companies as measured by its stock market value.
The lowering of costs that has enabled U.S.companies to locate abroad has also made it easier for foreign producers to locate in the United States.
Not only do goods, money, and information move great distances quickly, but also more people are moving great distances as well.
During a time of inflation, the purchasing power of money will decline, imposing a cost on those who are holding wealth in the form of money.
International trade enables a country to obtain products that cannot be produced at home at all or that cannot be produced in adequate quantities and at acceptable costs.
Keeping the intricacies and complexities out of the picture, let us take the binary opposites of the rich and the poor in the global system.
I've known several people who have overcome nail-biting simply by buying 50 nail files and distributing them everywhere:in their pockets, desks and bedrooms.
After the light was turned off, the rat had to wait a short time before it was released from its cage.
Amy settles into her seat, takes out her computer and reads over the agenda for the meeting to which she's traveling.
While conceding that the uncontrolled growth of this industry can result in serious environmental and social problems, the United Nations contends that such negative effects can be controlled and reduced.
This was to legitimatize the government's plan to remove hundreds of thousands of rural and hill tribe people from protected areas.
Can we conclude, then, that the forestry chief considers developers and tourists as animals that know how to adapt to the forest and behave in the wild naturally?
Taking the above quote seriously, cynics may be tempted to say there is obviously a gap between "human rights" and "animal rights".
Likewise, that eco-tourism under a "good management" system is beneficial to local people and nature is also a Western concept that is being globalized.
Many developing countries, facing debt burdens and worsening trade terms, have turned to tourism promotion in the hope that it brings foreign exchange and investment.
There were 251 anti-dumping cases put on file throughout the world in 2000, a slightly higher number than the annual average of 232 cases throughout the 1990s.
Trade and Tariff Act's Section 201, which was made effective on March 20, 2002, and imposed a 300/o ad valorem duty on imported steel.
Due to structural problems in the domestic steel industry and the negative impact of economic depression in the United States, many U.S.steel producers went bankrupt.
For political reasons, the Bush Administration began to rely on its "Steel Stick" to protect the domestic steel industry, a move strongly opposed by many steel-exporting countries.
The United States ranks first in taking anti-dumping cases against other countries, and is followed by Canada, India and the European Union.
Anti-dumping investigations often end in an increase in duties, with the aim of raising exporters' sales costs to protect the competitiveness of domestic goods.
Section 201 differs from ordinary anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measure in that it does not require an investigation into the alleged unfair trade activities by the exporting country.
As a result, the European Union, Japan and South Korea have brought accusations against the U.S.to the WTO and are ready to take urgent protective measures.
As it is likely that the trade war in the steel industry will spread to other industries, world trade stability will be subject to another round of trials and tribulations.
This time around, governments have so far generally managed to avoid excessive expansion of aggregate demand, large current-account deficits, and sharp appreciations of the real exchange rate.
Progress has been made in simplifying the very complex web of capital controls and exchange rate restrictions imposed by many countries.
Despite the considerable improvement in policies in recent years, the surge in capital flows still presents substantial risks to developing countries.
Future risks to economic and financial stability will likely take a different form and character than those encountered in the past 
Developing-country policies must be reinforced by renewed international efforts to promote stability and maintain a financial environment conducive to a balanced expansion and deployment6 of capital flows in developing countries.
The associated market anxiety/ about the possibility of a disorderly adjustment of the imbalance through sudden changes in exchange rates and global interest rates.
Although a coordinated policy of intervention in foreign currency markets is neither desirable nor feasible, a degree of multilateral cooperation is needed to address the current global imbalances.
That approach, based on the mutual interests of deficit and surplus countries, should reflect the structural asymmetry between international reserve currencies and other currencies.
At its center must be consensus on a blend of adjustments adequate to rebalance global aggregate demand without causing a global recession.
A growing number of developing countries have made considerable efforts to meet international standards for transparency, corporate governance, and the regulation and supervision of financial systems.
As the volume of reserves increases, so does the importance of balancing their use for intervention, investment, and insurance purposes against their domestic resource costs.
Some regulatory groups set standards for the way the information flows over the Internet, but they are not too effective at present.
Provided they think they are getting a bargain they will buy clothes they will never wear, furniture they have no space for.
The total investment required varies widely, but covers the cost to build or lease the structure, decorate the building, purchase supplies, and operate the business for 6 to 12 months.
The upbeat situation of China's economy and foreign trade is hard won, and is inseparable from the respect and attention paid by the Chinese government to IPR protection.
With the development of science and technology, the rise of knowledge-based economy, and the acceleration of economic globalization, the importance of intellectual property has been enhanced historically.
Intellectual property has played an increasingly prominent role in world economy, science and technology and trade, as well as a vital factor behind a nation's economic growth.
To strengthen their IPR protection system has become a natural choice for countries that wish to develop science, technology and economy and enhance national strength.
Japan has explicitly put forward the basic state policy of "building the country through intellectual property", replacing the previous one of "building the country through science and technology".
In this global context, the coverage of IPR protection is widening, the level of protection is becoming higher, and competition centering on IPR is getting ever fiercer.
The fine combination of foreign trade and intellectual property regime has provided policy assurance for enterprises to excel in international competition.
China has further relaxed restrictions on the fields for foreign investment, with commerce, banking, insurance, tourism and other service sectors already opened to foreign investors to varying degrees.
The grass blades, brushing with the movements of their growth, made joyous gentle sounds, like the sighs of a maiden in love．
Most economists acknowledge this trading system as one of the greatest contributors to the world's rapid recovery from the desolation of the Second World War.
We believe ourselves to be unique among nations in our generosity of spirit and our readiness to put up with all kinds of people．
The globalization of the world's capital markets that has occurred in the past 10 years will be replicated right across the economy in the next decade.
Partly because of globalization and partly because of demography, the work forces of the next century are going to be very different from those of the last century.
Demography and changing social mores mean that white males will become a smaller fraction of the work force as women and nunorities grow in importance.
In addition, the need to produce goods and services at quality levels previously thought impossible to obtain in mass production. 
Managers are increasingly shifting from a "don't think do what you are told" to a "think, I am not going to tell you what to do" style of management.
As the socialist market economy gradually improves, there is also a growing sense of social responsibility among the vast majority of Chinese companies.
They abide by the code of ethics and lawful operation and are committed to providing high-quality products for domestic and foreign consumers.
Some companies go even further by publishing their CSR reports to disclose their CSR performance and to voluntarily subject themselves to public scrutiny.
Of course, constrained by the level and stage of its economic development, China still practices a rough-edged economic growth model, featuring high energy and resources consumption and high environmental costs.
Putting emphasis on CSR means companies not only have to be responsible to their investors, but also to their employees, customers, business partners, and to the environment and society.
So in order to survive and grow, it is imperative that companies should raise their CSR awareness and actively fulfill their social responsibilities.
We have every reason to believe that future business competition will diversify from specific products, technology and talents toward CSR performance.
Such a structure is efficient if it makes it possible for individuals to contribute to the attainment of the objectives of the enterprise with minimum costs.
As the organization grows further, the subordinates will eventually reach the limits of their own spans of control, which will necessitate the establishment of a third level of managers.
Thus, a top executive may have from three to eight subordinates, whereas a lower-level supervisor may manage from twelve to thirteen persons.
Therefore, an enterprise will try to have the minimum possible number of levels, which means that the span of control of each manager should be as broad as possible.
To avoid waste of time, the superior must assign clear responsibility for certain tasks to each subordinate and must delegate to each the necessary authority to achieve those tasks.
These vary with different types of enterprise:an airline, for example, would have no production department, and a manufacturing company would have no operations department.
The project manager has the responsibility and authority for a given project, and personnel are assigned to this manager from the functional departments.
In a complex modem enterprise, there may also be specialized advisory departments which have responsibilities for assisting management but which lack authority over lower levels.
Sometimes a staff department has functional authority in a limited area.For example, the controller may have the functional authority to establish accounting procedures for product managers.
The structure of any organization should be based on what is called the division of work, i.e., the activities required to attain the objectives of the enterprise.
It is not about the "new" economy ;it is about how you apply knowledge.Often it is about asking the right questions, thinking clearly about the answers, and applying common senses.
In the past, the fact that the banks only focused on scale and quantity instead of on efficiency and profits led to extended structures and multiple layers.
The excessive expansion saw internal management and operating costs go out of control, especially in the areas of internal control, human resource and financial management.
It went extinct because it took 5 minutes for its brain to receive the signal after its enemy bites off its tail and another 5 minutes to coordinate action.
Since the small and medium business sector has had a brilliant record of contribution to the success of Hong Kong, this is a very challenging topic indeed.
At present, 38,552 or95.6% of all manufacturing concerns in Hong Kong employ less than 50 persons, accounting for half of manufacturing employment.
and—the promotion of Hong Kong as an international financial centre, through the improvement of the financial infrastructure, especially the payment system.
—It has superior infrastructure in telecommunications and critical mass in skills, people and financial institutions, as well as a business friendly tax and regulatory environment;
First, as manufacturing businesses move into the region, the shape of business operating in Hong Kong will move increasingly into the service sector.
Many international observers seem to suggest that when Hong Kong moves to become a more service-oriented economy,growth will inevitably become slower.
I fully agree that the sources of growth will change, but one of the more controversial areas is that service-oriented growth is much more difficult to measure than manufacturing growth.
Hong Kong, however, has remained the headquarters of these manufacturing arms, providing the strategic direction, the fund management, marketing, transshipment and other services to assist the manufacturing process.
But our customers do not care whether the train is cost effective.They care about whether their car and its contents are going to arrive on time.
The traditional railroad franchise is bulk commodities that are too heavy to be carried cost-effectively by truck _ coal, potash and grain, for example.
Our goal is to create a transportation service that offers customers a competitive advantage 一 a service so superior that customers think that a premium price is reasonable.
A prime motivation to establish the joint venture was the Japanese government'refusal in the early 1960s to allow foreign companies to set up wholly owned subsidiaries in Japan.
The joint venture was conceived as a marketing organization to sell xerographic products that would be manufactured by Fuji Photo under licence from Xerox.
As elsewhere, Castrol has adopted a premium pricing strategy in Vietnam, which is consistent with the company's attempt to build a global brand image of high quality.
Castrol oil costs about $ 1.5 per litre in Vietnam, about three times as much as the price of cheaper oil imported from Taiwan and Thailand.
Despite the high price of its product, Castrol claims it is gaining share in Vietnam as its branding strategy wins converts.
The root of the problem is cost;expatriate pay packages that are based on American salaries and needs are increasingly seen as too expensive.
To deal with this, many international businesses are trying to develop special pay schemes for their cadre of internationally mobile managers.
For employees moving from high-pay countries such as Germany to lower-pay countries, such as Spain, HP offers temporary bridging payments to ease the adjustment.
The 3M program compares net salaries in both the old and new country by subtracting the major costs, such as taxes and housing, from gross pay.
But a British employee transferred to Germany, where salaries are higher, can expect to be switched to the German pay scale.
Titles are also very important.First names are not appropriate and people use formal titles to address the boss 一 formality and respect must be observed.
In the types of departmentation discussed above, there is a direct line of responsibility and authority from top to bottom.This is often called line organization.
By posing the question, What's new and what's next in implementing business solutionsthe conference organizers are, in some way, suggesting that we are at a crossroads.
I'd like to continue challenging each of us to use what we've learned, and to recognize that for many components of e-business, we can't "go it alone".
E-business is making us more effective and competitive — it's making us rethink how we work with customers and each other.
And, like virtually every other field of technology in history, the full force of its impact will not be felt until the technology is used by ordinary people.
And that's true with each generation of technology — from the printing press to the telegraph, to radio, to television and to the Internet.
It's up to us to make e-business both relevant and sensible to our colleagues, our employees, suppliers, customers and everyone else we do business with.
In fact, it is a natural extension of the technology that is already integrated into the fabric of our everyday operations.
As you know I am experienced in the business of slippers and enjoy a good business relationship with all the leading wholesalers and retailers in that line.
One of the reasons of my visit here is to sign a sole agency agreement with you on this item for a period of 3 years.
Your strategic location and rapid development as a global business centre are two key elements we wish to tap in our first Hong Kong-USA promotion to be held in Miami.
In the first nine months of this year, the value of trade between Hong Kong and the US totalled US $ 515 billion.
We in China have begun to implement the blueprint for the development in the new century, with very ambitious goals and most arduous tasks.
Our reform has entered a crucial phase at which there are many favorable conditions and also quite a few deep-seated problems.
With China's accession to the WTO, we will have closer links with the rest of the world and the requirements for our opening up will be even higher.
The essential factors of production are extensively allocated across regions to an unprecedented extent, and a global market is rapidly taking shape.
The common interests of mankind are gradually on the rise, and more and more problems need to be resolved through coordinated and common efforts of all nations.
The information technology has greatly overcome the limit of time and space for human activities, offering convenient means for international communication and exchanges.
We fully support that ambition, and I should also say congratulations to Shanghai because they won their bid to host the Expo in 2010.
When I was with the Mayor, walking along the Bund just a short time ago, there was a woman journalist who rushed up to ask me a question.
She finished asking me the question, and I asked her 一 because I thought she spoke very good English — where she had learned English.
And it is an amazing thing to think now that you have more Chinese students coming to the UK than any other country.
There is another area in which we can help, and I have just been discussing this with some of your entrepreneurs and city officials upstairs.
The UK is a world leader in the development of public-private partnerships, which involve the public and the private sector working together to provide infrastructure and services.
It is playing a big part in allowing us to have major public sector building programmes delivered on budget and on cost.
And coming here to Shanghai, I want to say to you first of all how delighted I have been to see the enormous progress in this city;
Something that has not been tried, something that has not been found to work before is considered to be too risky.
American investment in China, when compared with other developing areas in East and Southeast Asia, has reached a high level at a relatively fast growth rate.
I have seen 2 or 3 shifts in this field in the last 40 years and I was lucky enough to join the semiconductor industry when it was very young.
For almost 2 decades, that is, through the 50s and 60s and at least half way through the 70s, the semiconductor was the cutting edge of the high-tech industry.
In the late 80s and early 90s, PCs began to decline as a favourite of investors in the high-tech industry just as semiconductors began to lose favour ten years earlier.
When I say Asia, I do include Japan, even though I think Japan is further ahead than the rest of Asia.
Compared to the United States, Japan may be fifty steps behind and the rest of Asia may be a hundred steps behind.
There is a Chinese proverb that states that those that are fifty steps behind are really no better than those that are a hundred steps behind.
We have not let the distance from the best leading edge in high-tech — which has always been the United States in the past fifty years — grow.
To ensure payment, Bank of China should give us a written letter to the effect that they will guarantee the payment if the buyer fails to do so.
That's why an army of academics and consultants descended on Enron in the late 1990s and held it up as a paragon of management virtue.
The company abolished seniority-based salaries in favor of more highly leveraged compensation that offered huge cash bonuses and stock option grants to top performers.
Young people, many just out of undergraduate or MBA programs, were handed extraordinary authority, able to make $5 million decisions without higher approval.
The idea is to combine tight controls with maximum individual authority to allow entrepreneurship to flourish without the culture edging into chaos.
As an economic entity, the task of an enterprise is definite, that is, to produce more and better products, to create wealth for the society.
To sum up, the concept of entrepreneurial culture is not new — companies have always exhibited particular values and characteristics that essentially define them.
A major appeal of investing in bonds is that they provide investors with a steady stream of income and guarantee the repayment of the loan in full at maturity.
As a bond pays regular interest, it may be suitable for investors, such as retirees, who require a regular income over a specific time.
Younger investors will benefit from equity capital growth because they are generally investing for the longer term and not unduly concerned with the lack of immediate yield.
Investors looking for medium and low risk are increasingly turning to the corporate bond market as an alternative to equities and government bonds.
With corporate bonds, an investor can opt for a lower risk exposure than with equities but a higher income yield than with government bonds.
On the other hand, absolute risk is lower than for equities because coupon payments cannot be waived and, in the event of a default, bondholders are ranked highly among creditors.
Investors should be generally aware that corporate bonds, even in mature markets such as the United States and Britain, have fairly limited secondary markets.
Many countries have, or are in the process of creating, their own Silicon Valley. So far, none has as yet threatened the preeminence of the U.S.prototype.
Secondly, it actively encourages, or even exalts, risk-taking.Hence,failure holds no terror and there is no stigma attached to afailed effort.On the contrary, they will try even harder next time round.
A third decisive factor is the vital role of venture capitalists who willingly support promising start-ups with urgently needed initial capital to get them started.
It is a common practice for start-ups to offer generous share options to employees in order to attract the right talent into their folds.
This is a powerful incentive to motivate the staff to do their utmost and to share in the company's prosperity if it reaches its goal.
They would give up social life, and curtail their family life too, in order to pursue the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
It is this single-minded pursuit of excellence, supported by strong ethos of teamwork and esprit de corps, that sustain them until their mission is accomplished.
This is amply demonstrated by industry icons like Apple's Jobs and Wozniak and Microsoft's Gates,all college dropouts who might not have emerged in a qualification-conscious community.
Its phenomenal success has led to a worldwide fever to proliferate dot.com companies.In consequence, many bright young people have given up their secure jobs to join in the race.
But the reality is that, because of its high-risk nature, for every success story there are hundreds who will fall by the wayside.
However, with the collapse of the U.S.NASDAQ share index, the share options held by numerous paper dot.com millionaires have become virtually worthless in these changed circumstances.
They are confident that it will flourish well into this century provided it maintains its cutting edge in science and technology.
I think U.S.Patent laws are designed to protect the commercial rights of people who have invested in new products, systems or methods.
Hereby I propose that the period of protection offered by patents should be cut from 17 years to about 4 years.
The purpose of these changes is to ensure that patented business models and software are more quickly released into the public domain.
Amazon was once under criticism for allegedly abusing current laws by patenting business methods that are so general in scope they should be available to everyone.
From my experience of working with hi-technology companies in California's Silicon Valley, the biggest problems arise when existing patent protections for business methods arecombined with the Internet.
When you combine the ability to patent business methods with the advent of the Internet you have a very interesting coincidence.
If changes in the patent laws are going to have any real impact,they must be made soon,before too many more new business method patents are issued.
The idea is to combine tight controls with maximum individual authority to allow entrepreneurship to flourish without the culture edging into chaos.
Silicon Valley is a magnet to which numerous talented engineers, scientists and entrepreneurs from overseas flock in search of fame and gain.
First and foremost, Silicon Valley has the largest concentration of brilliant computer professionals and the best supporting services in the world.
Today, we, pioneers and leaders of electronic commerce, are meeting here to call together for changes in the existing patent laws.
The New York Stock Exchange is the oldest financial market in the United States, and the largest stock market in the world.
Today, more than 50% of Americans have stock holdings.And, more than 80% of all stock trades take place over the Internet.
Day trading is an extremely risky form of investing.It is possible to gain a large amount of money very quickly by day trading.Most day traders, however, lose money.
The stocks on the New York Stock Exchange represent about 80% of the value of all publicly owned companies in America.
The performance of the stock market is measured by stock indexes, such as the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the NASDAQ Composite Index.
It is linked to the world by 106 international container shipment routes, 148 domestic air routes, and 11 international air routes.
It is a large u central station between Hong Kong and inland Chinese cities, and a express entrance to Zhujiang Delist.
Every year, famous international exhibitions are held in Shenzhen, which include China International Hi-tech Fair, and the number of exhibitions is steadily growing.
To create a better environment for the development of exhibition sector, Shenzhen municipal government announced in 2005 preferential policies to support organizations holding exhibitions in Shenzhen.
Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center is a super large public building with multi-functions of hosting exhibitions and conventions, business activities, banquets and entertainments.
It is the largest single building in Shenzhen, covering about 220,000 square meters, extending 540 meters from cast to west, 282 meters from south to north.
There are nine exhibition halls on the first floor, which total 105,000 square meters, adequate for a large exhibition of 5,000 international-standard booths.
It is the landmark in CBD, just remotely symmetric with CAD, merely 1,000 meters away to the City Hall 一 the Citizen Center.
Subway Line 1 and Line 4 are interchangeable at the Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center station, which is only 150 meters away through an underground passage.
East China Fair  is the largest regional-scale international trade fair in China with the most traders, greatest variety of exhibits and the most onsite deals.
There were four specialized exhibition areas, namely Fashions/Garments, Home Textiles, Art Deco Stuffs/Gifts and Consumer Goods, with 5,346 standard booths and 3,500 enterprises.
SIF is also an important platform for the industrialization of scientific and technological achievements with a focus on the integration of production,development and research.
Co-sponsored by the State Economic and Trade Commission, Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation and Shanghai Municipal Peopled Government, since Dec 13th, 1999, four sessions have been held successfully.
Among those enterprise exhibitors, around 20% of them were world-famous multi-nadonals, including Microsoft, IBM, Siemens, GE, Roche, Johnson & Johnson, Emerson, 3M, Motorola, Volvo, etc.
The internationalization degree of SIF has been enhanced to a new level and initiated a new era for China's exhibition industry.
The sites that are nominated for inclusion on the list are chosen for their unique qualities and for being the best examples of our cultural and natural heritage.
Their photographs also remind us of the fragility of our planet and the urgency of protecting these sites in order to ensure that they will continue to enchant future generations.
On 16 November,as part of the International Congress "World Heritage" for the thirtieth anniversary of the Convention Concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage.
More than 300 growers, exporters, importers, coffee roasters, equipment manufacturers and tea packers from more than 140 countries are expected to exhibit.
Importers, distributors, foodservice professionals,tea and coffee specialty retailers, roasters, tea packers, green coffee and tea importers/exporters,and brokers are the target visitors.
Expo provides a focal point for visitors around the world to learn about the latest development in new technologies, new products, and new innovations.
City Conference & Exhibition Centre is invested by the Municipal Government, constructed and run by the local Exhibition Investment Development LTD.
The Centre, occupying an area of 470,000 square meters and a total construction area of 160,000 square meters, is composed of the main building and wing building.
Central air conditioner, automatic fire alarm, closed circuit TV watching system, communication network, public broadcasting and cable TV are all available in the exhibition hall.
The exhibition hall on the first floor has an area of 33,129 m2 and can be separated into 5 independent exhibition units by movable walls.
Besides, a concourse, prefunctional area, seaview rooms, guest rooms, business centre and information centre of nearly 9,000m2 are located in the main building.
It offers all kinds of services, such as advertising designing, special decorating advertisements, renting additional exhibition equipment, water, electricity, gas, engineering and transporting exhibition items.
China Beijing Intemadonai High-tech Expo, approved by Chinese government, is a large-scale international high-tech & trade exposition annually held in Beijing.
Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center is a super large public building with multi-functions of hosting exhibitions and conventions, business activities, banquest, and entertainments.
It is the largest single building in Shenzhen f covering about 220,000 square meters, extending 540 meters from east to west, 282 meters from south to north.
In this case Jiangsu and Zhejiang provincial cities with beautiful scenery like Suzhou, Wuxi and Hangzhou will all benefit from the event.
The sites that are nominated for inclusion on the list are chosen for their unique qualities and for being the best examples of our cultural and natural heritage.
Asia, rising stupendously in the middle of last century, has written a glorious chapter for its own development, which is also a hallmark of human progress.
Looking into the new century, we are hopeful that Asia, a continent of great history, will surely create more splendid civilizations.
For our needs and experiences, our cooperation will be first of all in the areas of trade, communications, agriculture, information and energy, and later expanded into other areas.
Instead, Asian countries should further enhance their cooperation with countries of other continents through such channels as APEC, ASEM and East Asia-Latin America Forum.
Over the past three decades, China, as an Asian country, has made great economic achievements by unswervingly adhering to the policy of reform and opening up to the outside world.
In the new century, China's modernization drive has entered a new stage, and its national economy will keep developing at an annual growth rate of more than 7 percent.
By now, the total contracted investment by Singapore has reached $2.785 billionf an increased of 40.4%.Of that contracted investment, $2.337 billion has been fulfilled, an increase of 9.03%.
I am very happy to join my ASEAN, Japanese, and Korean colleagues here on the beautiful island of Bali to discuss East Asia cooperation and development.
The establishment and development of the 10 + 3 cooperation is a major pioneering undertaking by East Asian countries for the sake of their common prosperity amidst economic globalization.
Over the past six years, the 10 + 3 cooperation has been fleshed up bit by bit, and transformed itself from a mere dialogue meeting to a full-fledged cooperative system.
As the initiator for 10+3, ASEAN has been a significant contributor to its smooth development and a major driving force behind East Asia cooperation.
Dear Colleagues,We, as leaders of countries in the region, are obliged to do some serious thinking on further 10 + 3 cooperation under the new circumstances.
Better cooperation and reciprocity for a win-win result and shared prosperity in East Asia are becoming the theme of regional development in the new century.
In the face of accelerated economic globalization, only when countries in the region unite and strive, can they seize new opportunities, overcome new challenges and achieve lasting prosperity.
What has happened proves that mutually beneficial cooperation on an equal footing is the only right way leading to long-term peace, stability and prosperity in the region.
Its current aggregate accounts for 23 percent of the global economy, while its foreign exchange reserve stands at 64 percent of the world's total.
In terms of market size, technology, natural and human resources, East Asia is also in a position to compete with Europe and North America.
Intraregional trade takes up almost half of the total trade in East Asia, and intraregional investment about two-thirds of the entire foreign investment flowing into East Asian economies.
Thanks to years of efforts ,10+3 has provided an effective mechanism for deeper East Asia cooperation and gradual regional economic integration over time.
It is necessary that we identify long-term goals for 10+3 and promote better and more pragmatic cooperation upon the existing basis.
First of all, I would like to hereby extend sincere gratitude to the chairman of the organizing committee for his kind invitation!
The economic globalisation has promoted the development of world economy while all countries are facing new chances and challenges in development.
Since the 1990s, with the end of the Cold War and the dramatic advancement of science and technology, the economic globalisation has paced up.
At present, it is the objective trend of world economic development that has greatly enhanced the interdependence and mutual influence of world economies.
The fundamental characteristic of world economic development is the free flow and allocation of commodities, technologies, information and especially capital in the global context.
In general, the economic globalisation will help optimise the allocation of production factors across the world, facilitate international trade and investment liberalization, and develop world economy and trade.
However, the economic globalisation was initiated by developed countries at the time when the old international economic order had not been essentially transformed.
All countries, especially developing nations are faced with not only development opportunities, but also severe challenges, risks and the question of how to protect one's own economic safety.
Efforts should also be dedicated to establishing a new international economic order that is just and fair, and to achieving the common development among developing and developed countries.
The birth of Internet and its sweeping spread have resulted in giant leaps forward of the means of peopled communication with each other and knowledge-acquisition.
All these have given strong impetus and vitality to world economic and trade development, whose tremendous influences will have more apparent reflection in the economic growth of the 21st century.
Strongly supported by science and technology, international trade is expanding from the traditional trade in goods to trade in services and technology trade.
Therefore, the country that enjoys scientific and technological advantages, especially those of forward-looking nature, will get sharper edge in future international economic competitions.
China was the most important trade partner for Poland, and Poland was one of the major trade partners for China in Central and Eastern Europe.
Total investment by Poland in China reached 40 million US dollars and China's total investment in Poland reached 45 million US dollars.
The Polish government welcomed and was willing to promote bilateral relations by encouraging Chinese entrepreneurs to invest in Poland and providing financial support to investors.
Trade and economic cooperation between China and African countries is likely to continue expediential growth with Chinese President Hu Jintao's proposed new type of China-Africa strategic partnership.
China is adding to its planned trade and economic cooperation with Africa by moving from mainly being an aid giver to an opportunity provider.
Chinese tourists visiting Africa during the last two years have doubled to more than 110,000, according to statistics from the Chinese Ministry of Public Security.
Chinese trade and investment has helped African countries develop local industry, increase employment and improve living standards with cheap but quality Chinese television sets, medicine, motorcycles and clothes.
Let me, first of all, express my heartfelt gratitude for the honor accorded to me by inviting me to speak on Economic Cooperation and Development in Asia.
Please allow me to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to those people for their foresight and leadership in launching this unique forum.
We have heard the words "economic cooperation" and "development" in Asia how many thousands times over, months after months, years after years, and decades after decades.
There is still so much more we have to do so that economic cooperation in the region will benefit our peoples to the optimum.
Last month I was so glad I did make it to the UN International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey, Mexico.
The awareness of regional cooperation in a comprehensive, equal and progressive way is growing and the cooperation pattern in an open, mutually beneficial and sound way is taking shape.
For our needs and experiences, our cooperation will be first of all in the areas of trade, communications, agriculture, infonnation and energy, and then expanded into other fields.
Agriculture is the mainstay of Uganda's economy, which contributes 45 percent of the country's gross domestic product and 80 percent of its export revenue.
Official statistics show that since 1991 nearly 2,000 enterprises have committed over 2 billion U.S.dollars in actual investment in Uganda's agro-processing, manufacturing, energy, tourism, fisheries and many others.
The forthcoming China-Africa cooperation forum clearly indicates that China attaches great importance to developing its economic relations and trade with African countries.
The economic globalization has promoted the development of world economy while all countries are facing new chances and challenges in development.
The economic globalization was initiated by developed countries at the time when the old international economic order had not been essentially transformed.
The practical business of finding highly productive agents and joint ventures in the foreign market for many still remains an enigma.
When asked how they obtained their international representation, many companies have no recollection whatsoever of how or why the relationship began.
With the growing use of the Internet, one could be fooled into thinking the odds of success in finding that elusive, top-performing trade partner will be increased.
However,these benefits in no way eliminate the more conventional, strategic wisdom that highly successful international sales organizations, in one way or another, employ.
If you consider export sales to be nothing more than icing on the cake, then that's all they will ever be.
Low expectations bomb of previous poor performance by agents and distributors have led many companies to settle for figures that in no way reflect a meaningful market share.
Avoid the pressure of hasty decisions by taking the time to identify and write down what you consider to be the essential qualities of a top-performing trade partner.
He has been, for much of the past 30 years, one of the most admired Britons, and his fame has spread in recent years around the globe.
Mr.Branson's success reflects an uncanny ability to take the consumer's point of view as his own and find ways to embrace that view for profit.
Despite his personal riches, Mr.Branson has retained an everyman persona marked by his casual dress, affable and modest manner, and devilish disrespect for convention.
He understands viscerally the concerns and needs of his customers and hjs employees and acts as a conduit for fulfilling those needs.
He has built the Virgin brand in his own image, and the result is an extremely positive emotional bond between consumers and companies that bear the Virgin label.
It is brand-builder's nirvana that made all the more impressive because the brand is all that ties together more than a hundred disparate Virgin businesses.
In case of the Yen appreciation at the time of converting the U.S.Dollar to the Yen, the exporter will get less Yen per U.S. Dollar.
The basis for their argument is that China has accumulated about $ 350 billion in foreign-currency reserves and over $ 122 billion in U.S.government bonds.
China has, in that sense, become one of the biggest creditors to the United States, which has given China an upper hand over the United States.
Such being the case, higher priced American goods are not selling well, and inventories build up at U.S. factories, and the result is layoffs or, even worse, plant closings.
Since purchases of Chinese goods can save money, it means the Americans can make more purchases of the more capital or knowledge intensive goods manufactured in the United States.
The fact of the matter is that the cheap Chinese-made exports into the United States can actually increase the real income of American consumers.
Under such circumstances, in consideration of China's own reality and of the worldwide situation, China chose to keep its RMB's exchange rates unchanged.
The stable RMB exchange rates served as an anchor to maintain order in the region's financial markets, which won general approval by the international community.
The increase in the supply of goods, especially in farm produce, has caused the prices of agricultural products to fall, which in turn hindered the increase of farmers' consumption.
There was actually a slight deflation in China in 2001 and 2002, resulting in a minus growth rate -0.4% in the prices of consumer goods in 2002.
The Expo has presented concentrations of advanced technology and equipment of metallurgy from home and abroad, involving such areas as forging, casting and heat treatment.
The current Metallurgy Expo will bring new technology, equipment and ideas to the metallurgical industry of China and provide ample room for international exchange in metallurgical technology.
We believe that this Expo will push China's metallurgical industry to a new height and produce positive impact on the development of metallurgical science and technology around the world.
China was one of the 23 founding contracting parties of the General Agreement on Tariff and Trade which entered into effect on 1 January 1948.
However, due to widely known reasons, starting early 1950s and until mid-1980s, rights and obligations had ceased to apply as between China and other GATT contracting parties.
In July 1986, China filed an application with the GATT for resumption of its status as a contracting party to the GATT.
In February 1987,the "Working Party on China's Status as a Contacting Party to the GATT" was established to examine the application.
Shortly afterwards, the Working Party began to examine China's foreign trade regime on the basis of the "Memorandum on China's Foreign Trade Regime" submitted by China.
Members of the Working Party raised no less than 4,000 written questions concerning various aspects of China's foreign trade regime,on which replies and clarifications were requested of China.
Meanwhile, in September 1986, the GATT Ministerial Meeting held in Punte Del Este of Uniguay launched the 8th round of multilateral trade negotiations, known as Uruguay Round.
At this meeting,China gained "full participant" status to the Uruguay Round,whereby China would be able to participate in all the negotiating sessions both formal and informal.
On 15 November 1999, China and the United States completed bilateral negotiations and signed, in Beijing,a bilateral agreement regarding negotiations on China's accession to the WTO.
Following the agreements with the United States and the European Union, China reached agreements in succession with many other WTO members within a short period.
By the end of 2000, except with Mexico, China had reached agreements with all the other members of the Working Party having requested to negotiate with China.
One of the events that represented a turning point in history was the Earth Summit, officially the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
The Earth Summit was a defining event in the history of the world because it marked a new global commitment by national leaders to sustainable development.
The Earth Summit took place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 1992, which represented the largest assemblage of Presidents and Heads of State at that point in history.
The world's leaders adopted a 400-page document entitled Agenda 21, essentially a blueprint for the future and an agreed upon agenda for the next century.
From the Earth Summit forward, the world's leaders acknowledged the absolute necessity for economic development and environmental protection to go hand in hand.
It was acknowledged that the pattern of unsustainable development was destroying the foundation of the natural world and threatening the future of civilization itself.
A new agenda needs to be implemented that takes a holistic approach and appreciates the complex, inter-related, and transnational nature of the environmental crisis.
The world's leaders came to the profound conclusion that, unfortunately, there is no easy and simple way to save the earth and its wonderful variety of life forms.
Over the years, organizations have implemented incentive plans for a variety of reasons: high labor costs, competitive product markets, slow technological advances, and high potential for production bottlenecks.
While these reasons are still cited, contemporary arguments for incentive plans focus on pay-for-performance and link compensation rewards to organizational goals.
By meshing compensation and organizational objectives, managers believe that employees will assume "ownership" of their jobs, thereby improving their effort and overall job performance.
In a survey of organizations with more than 500 employees, conducted by the New York Stock Exchange, 70 percent of organizations with gainsharing programs stated that those programs improved productivity.
In the area of manufacturing productivity will often improve by as much as 20 percent after the adoption of incentive plans.
A plan is more likely to work in an organization where morale is high, employees believe they are being treated fairly, and there is harmony between employees and management.
China is in opposition to U.S. export limitations on Chinese textiles and the ruling that slapped dumping duties on color television imports from China.
The Chinese side also noticed that the U.S. government and its leaders had repeatedly expressed their wish to have discussions with China on the trade issues.
China is of the opinion that some trade frictions are normal at a time when Sino-U.S.trade ties have been developing so rapidly.
By joint efforts of both sides, very great advances have been made in bilateral trade and economic cooperation, which has become one important component part of Sino-U.S. relations.
The expansion of bilateral trade and economic cooperation has brought tangible, substantial benefits to the people of China and the U.S.
China has enjoyed a close working relationship with the IMF ever since it resumed its membership in the IMF in 1980.
During this period, China's total GDP has quadrupled, with the economic structure markedly improved, and the prototype of a market economic system had been established.
At the same time, the opening-up endeavor has entered upon a new phase, the financial sector witnessed unprecedented big advances, and the capability of macroeconomic regulation had been greatly strengthened.
Great achievements have been made in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive, the outside world which has caught the attention of the world.
In the first five months of this year, the CPI increased by 0.6% over the same period of last year, curbing the downward trend in the past two years.
At the outset of China's reform and opening-up, the ownership structure of the Chinese economy comprised only two forms of public ownership: state ownership and collective ownership.
The then state-owned enterprises accounted for 80% of the total industrial output, with the remaining 20% shared by urban and rural collectives.
By the end of the 1990s, the share of state and collective ownership in GDP had dropped to less than 50 percent.
In retrospect, we realize that the transformation of China's ownership structure has been undoubtedly one of the key factors that contributed to the success of China's reform and opening up.
In its transition from a central-planned economy to a market economy, China must do a good job of handling such a big issue that has political, economic and social implications.
With a registered capital of 86.78 million yuan, it has six subsidiaries, and twelve enterprises of whole ownership and holding joint ventures at home and abroad.
Over the past 30 years since its foundation in October 1974, Huaxia Corp.has undergone the transformation from planned economy to market economy, recording a glorious history of development and growth.
It started as a small company with a total value of import and export at less than a million US dollars.
Running several foreign trade operations involving a number of industrial sectors, Huaxia has been included, for eleven years running, among the top 500 import and export enterprises in China.
A ramification of business channels have been established, and business relations have been developed with nearly one thousand domestic enterprises and with overseas businesses spreading over 120 countries and regions.
In the past six years, ever since the company went public, the business scales and revenues of the main operations have kept expanding, resulting in steadily increased economic efficiency.
Over the years, the volume and market share of bulk imports and exports in the main lines have ranked at the front in the country.
At the same time, its export of coal and coke has been increasing substantially,taking up the lion's share in the nation's export total in this field.
The goal of the company's strategic development is to turn itself into a service supplier of steel and raw materials with international competitiveness.
To put economic globalization and trade liberalization in their right perspective is of great importance to the healthy development of the global economy.
We have always advocated that parties involved should adhere to the principle of mutual respect and settle bilateral or multilateral trade disputesthrough friendly consultation.
Of the top 500 U.S.companies, more than 400 have their businesses in China, and most of them are making a handsome profit.
We predict that trade disputes between China and the United States will become more acute along with the further development in bilateral trade and economic cooperation.
In fact, American firms have transferred production of such products overseas, and similar products will be much expensive if they are imported from other countries than the Chinese mainland.
It is China's sincere wish and also to the interest of the United States to expand bilateral trade and economic co-operation.
We welcome the business communities from the United States to play an active role in fair competition m the Chinese market.
At the same time, we wish the U.S.Government will take forcible policy measures to fuel stronger growth in two-way trade and economic co-operation.
APEC is making steady progress. The East Asia regiona cooperation is functioning in full swing and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization is functioning smoothly.
China and the ASEAN members agree to gradually build a China-ASEAN Free Trade Area in the coming decade, and are making contacts for an early launch of negotiations.
Given our real needs and experience, such areas as trade, communications, agriculture, information and energy can be made prorities of cooperation, which will be gradually expanded to include other areas.
China will open its door still wider to the rest of Asia and the world, to entrepreneurs investors of all countries.
We will continue to improve our rule of law, thus bringing about in China a market environment that is fairer, more transparent and more predictable.
In the meantime, we will energetically carry out our "going global" strategy, encouraging more Chinese firms of multiple ownerships to operate globally. 
The Chinese people are ready towork hand in hand with the people in other Asian countries to build a better future.
The investments of foreign investors in China, the profits they earn and their other lawful rights and interests are protected by Chinese laws.
A foreign-capital enterprise that meets the requirements for being a legal entity under Chinese law shall acquirethe status of a Chinese legal entity, in accordance with the law.
A foreign-capital enterprise shall make investments in China within the period approved by the authorities in charge of examination and approval.
Workers and staff of foreign-capital enterprises may organize trade unions in accordance with the law to conduct trade union activities and protect their lawful rights and interests.
Take, for example, the progress of maritime technology.
Talk about leveraged buyer's remorse.
Talk like this is tiresome.
Tall stalks of sugarcane bend in the trade winds.
Tanzania's economy is ticking along.
Tara weighs a pitiful seven kilos.
Tariffs have not increased since 2003.
Tata eventually left for Gujarat.
Tax and regulation also work in a buoyant market's favour.
Tax progressivity is often at odds with efficiency.
Taxing individuals poses less of a dilemma.
Taxis are a particular hazard.
Taxpayers are still waiting for refunds.
Taxpayers foot the bill for the old.
Teachers often fail to show up for work.
Team owners will also prosper.
Teaming up with China would help spread the risk.
Technically, the only people they report to are the shareholders.
Technically, this is true.
Technology also competes for attention.
Technology creates other problems.
Technology is also driving the trend.
Technology transfer will also be a thorny issue.
Teddy was the last of the greats.
Telephone wires droop above broad swathes of vacant land.
Telephony could give way to telepathy.
Television is no closer to consensus.
Television is no closer to consensus.Hulu's decision to charge $9.
Television needs sport almost as much as sport needs television.
Tempers could easily fray.
Temporarily worse can, in some ways, be better.
Ten graduates will be chosen each year.
THERE is a hole in the green imagination about 20 years away.
THERE is no single route to success as a financial centre.
THERE is something about snowflakes that scientists cannot leave alone.
THERE'S no sense changing horses in midstream.
THESE are critical times for trees.
THESE are not easy times for booksellers.
THESE are tough times for bean-counters.
THESE are worrying times for world trade.
THESE days the California dream looks a little tarnished.
THINGS have not been going well for Sony lately.
THIS is bonus season in the financial world.
THIS past week marked the 40th birthday of the internet.
THIS was a change election.
THIS will hardly be a vintage year for the mobile-phone industry.
THIS year is shaping up to be a good one for human palaeontology.
TO GET a takeover right is extraordinarily hard.
TO THE survivors, the spoils.
TOPPING league tables is often cause for congratulations.
TPG is not alone.
TRADING with Brazilians has not always been easy.
TRADITIONALLY, Britain has been an educational skinflint.
TV piracy appeals for two reasons.
TWO steps forward, two steps back.
Taiwan has diplomatic relations with 23 countries.
Taiwan's exports continued their downward plunge.
Take American broadcast television.
Take Germany's measures, for instance.
Take that spectacular parade.
Take the 35-hour week.
Take the stance of Britain's newly scary FSA.
Take these in turn to see why.
Ten states still ban charter schools.
Tencent hails from Shenzhen, near Hong Kong.
Tennessee is awash with guns.
Tension could easily rise because of retaliatory actions.
Tensions are not confined to North-East Asia.
Tensions showed.
Tents, however, are a problem.
Territorial matters remain prickly.
Terrorists react to incentives.
Texans don't like this much.
Texas does not have one of those either.
Texas's package of benefits is handsome.
Thai politics goes the other way.
Thailand can be a vicious place.
Thailand may not be ready for such a thing.
Thank you for your advice.
That Asia should be looking to the sea makes sense.
That adds up to several jumbo jets.
That alarmed Russia and got its attention.
That alignment is, in turn, controlled by the tracking system.
That allowed the younger Mr Lee and his sisters to buy them all.
That alone could ensure smooth sailing.
That alone is grim news.
That assessment may be changing.
That assumes the deal happens.
That at least might get up them up on the same stage.
That battle will now return to the lower courts.
That bill is now stuck.
That bodes ill for September's parliamentary elections.
That braver president could have demanded far more.
That brings on some interesting wordplay.
That bubble has burst, prompting the Federal Reserve to slash interest rates.
That can lead to friction.
That can speed up a move into branded generics.
That cautious approach has not caught on.
That changed their ideas about what they wanted out of life.
That claim has raised eyebrows in the fuel-cell industry.
That compares with just 9% in 2009.
That conclusion, however, hinges on the choice of price index.
That conflict shows no sign of ending.
That could be a perilous strategy.
That could be good news for innovation.
That could be to Fiat's advantage.
That could bring economic benefits.
That could change the way many firms do business.
That could create over 200,000 American jobs.
That could make for a fractious party.
That could prove a fatal miscalculation.
That could turn out to be good news for General Motors.
That counts for a lot.
That creates a role for fiscal policy.
That creates a tension between profits and jobs.
That deal is now on the verge of collapse.
That depended on Soviet consent.
That did not happen last time.
That doctrine has been abandoned.
That does not mean a downgrade is inevitable, however.
That does not seem to have happened.
That does, of course, leave valuation.
That expectation has proved false.
That freedom is secure.
That gap will now close.
That gives them a reason to crack down on the illegal stuff.
That hardly counts as naive doveishness.
That has created openings for a number of bright sparks.
That has cushioned the slump.
That has hit retailers on the American side hard.
That has made getting around difficult.
That has miffed the Cayman Islanders.
That has not been Ms Fernandez’s way.
That has not happened.
That has not stopped people trying.
That has now changed.
The relevant committees in the 110th Congress are now headed by longstanding critics of the embargo.
That has prompted global jitters.
That has pushed up rents.
That has removed a big reason for fighting.
That highlights the danger in Mr Bernanke's new strategy.
That hybrid bill will be the one that matters.
That idea has little support for now, it seems.
That improves the prognosis and speeds convalescence.
That in turn can boost sales.
That in turn damages their health.
That includes journalists.
That industry is about to get a lot bigger.
That infuriates Polish officials.
That initiative also failed.
That ire seems fairly under control thus far.
That is a gamble.
That is a good thing, as far as it goes.
That is a great shame.
That is a heavy blow.
That is a lot to ask from a withdrawing army.
That is a massive safety buffer.
That is a political non-starter.
That is a pressing issue for America's NATO allies.
That is a price the government can ill afford to pay.
That is a price worth paying.
That is a profligacy the world can manage without.
That is a promise that I make to you.
That is a puzzle.
That is a recipe for reform or revolt.
That is a sacred task.
That is a serious waste of brass.
That is a shameful cop-out.
That is a small first step on a long journey.
That is a small innovation, but perhaps one that will benefit China.
That is a tiny pocket in the universe.
That is a tribute to the country’s success.
That is about 3% of the school-age population.
That is already starting with whisky.
That is an astonishingly liberal rule.
That is an exaggeration.
That is an uncertain advantage.
That is an unconvincing syllogism.
That is cash that Tata Motors could certainly do with.
That is cause for relief and pride.
That is causing a problem.
That is certainly true by size.
That is certainly true in rich countries.
That is certainly true in rich countries.
That is changing.
That is cheap demagoguery.
That is clearly good news for companies such as his.
That is considered the biggest tragedy and causes huge pain.
That is creating political tensions.
That is easier today than it would have been two years ago.
That is especially clear in the book trade.
That is essential.
That is even harder to put in context.
That is fine as far as it goes.
That is hard to forgive.
That is harder for the Conservatives than for Labour.
That is harder than you might think.
That is hardly a clinching argument.
That is hardly speedy.
That is hardly surprising.
That is hardly the same thing as political reform.
That is hardly the view from Shanghai.
That is hardly the whole story.
That is how they stay in business.
That is in keeping with the policies of George Bush.
That is in part a reflection of the government’s lack of capacity.
That is just as well.
That is likely to have long-term consequences.
That is long overdue.
That is nearly double the figure of a year earlier.
That is no trivial exercise.
That is nonsense.
That is not Mr Berlusconi’s only money worry.
That is not a surprising result.
That is not all the banks' fault.
That is not an efficient market.
That is not as tricky as it sounds.
That is not entirely true.
That is not going to happen.
That is not something they will necessarily be good at.
That is not the end of the story.
That is not unusual.
That is not what Wall Street has been thinking.
That is not, of course, irrefutable proof of discrimination.
That is now changing.
That is now widely seen as a mistake.
That is obviously still too high.
That is offshoring, but it is not outsourcing.
That is one chance lost.
That is one source of new demand.
That is outside the bounds of normality but not by much.
That is part of a pattern.
That is plain common sense.
That is pretty small.
That is probably best done off-line.
That is probably impossible.
That is probably not the whole story, however.
That is probably too optimistic.
That is quite an inheritance to have squandered.
That is reason for celebration.
That is right and proper too.
That is roughly half of its capacity.
That is set to change.
That is significant, for one problem with cancer is that it is constantly changing.
That is some way off.
That is something the ECB is not rushing into.
That is still a biggish “if”, of course.
That is still a guess.
That is stretching the point.
That is the mystery this book sets out to explore.
That is the only way to grow, they believe.
That is the problem with fish-farming.
That is the recent history.
That is the sort of thing which might lead to truly unexpected applications.
That is the source of his power.
That is the third advantage of the ECFA.
That is the whole point of open source.
That is too bad.
That is understandable.
That is unlikely to deflate him.
That is unlikely to happen.
That is unsurprising.
That is what Google does so well.
That is what everyone is now waiting to see.
That is what happened in America just before the first world war.
That is what popes normally do.
That is what seems to have happened this time.
That is where RIM reckons it has an edge.
That is where the archaeologists come in.
That it is so uncommunicative may simply be due to the fact that it is so new.
That kind of surge may be a precursor to inflation.
That last idea is now on hold.
That lead won’t last long.
That leads to several important conclusions.
That leaves $260 billion to find.
That leaves lots of companies with a headache.
That leaves monetary policy.
That leaves the dollar as the prime suspect.
That leaves those banks with few choices.
That level of growth is no disaster.
That link is partly a matter of accounting.
That looked like a strong mandate to govern.
That looks naive.
That looks reckless.
That loss of confidence is sapping sterling.
That made Ms Whitaker a criminal.
That made him a cold-war hero.
That made it much more expensive to pay back yen-denominated debt.
That made them dangerous.
That makes evolutionary sense.
That makes their future bright.
That makes them really dangerous.
That marks a breakthrough.
That may also be true in North West Leicestershire.
That may be a more promising approach.
That may be because he didn’t look in the right places.
That may be especially difficult to achieve in Africa.
That may be for another generation to decide.
That may be optimistic.
That may be overblown.
That may be precisely the point.
That may be realistic.
That may be too ambitious.
That may be too harsh.
That may be too modest.
That may be too optimistic.
That may be wise.
That may change with rising unemployment.
That may explain the measures’ success.
That may have lingering consequences.
That may just be the beginning.
That may need to change.
That may not arise.
That may not be enough to satisfy regulators, though.
That may now be harder to do.
That may now change.
That may seem far-fetched.
That may simply be an indication of the depth of the recession.
That means allowing the yuan to appreciate.
That means arbitrage opportunities abound.
That means it is consuming more energy.
That means they often pay over the odds.
That metaphors can reflect real behaviour is well known.
That might be easier than it sounds.
That might be no bad thing.
That might bring temporary respite.
That might happen again if panic strikes.
That might help the search for peace.
That might lead to further specialisation in natural resources.
That might sound like give and take.
That model failed utterly in Copenhagen.
That moment will come, of course.
That month, the fun began to fade.
That much America and Japan agree upon.
That much is obvious.
That must have a cause.
That must surely be true for most Afghans.
That now looks likely to change.
That now looks likely to change.
That obstacle has been removed.
That often leads to very high returns.
That percentage is likely to drop drastically this year.
That pledge of bipartisanship may not survive.
That pointed to a suicide-bomber.
That points to another danger.
That points to another lesson Cyprus offers about EU enlargement.
That points to another potential snag.
That pragmatic formula no longer works.
That precedent is an unhappy one.
That prompted a further bout of sterling weakness.
That prompted panic in bond markets.
That proved more than enough.
That rather defeats the point.
That really would be ironic.
That relationship is now looking more wobbly.
That remains to be seen in further experiments.
That represented a rise in social mobility.
That required political will.
That requires concessions from the West.
That risked undermining the alliance’s credibility.
That rule no longer holds true.
That said, microcredit did have discernible effects.
That said, outsourcing clearly has its limits.
That said, there would be legal hurdles.
That said, we are seeing a vigorous discussion on both sides.
That scepticism is reflected in Parliament.
That scrutiny reveals a muddled picture.
That seems completely unaffordable.
That seems far-fetched.
That seems sensible.
That seems to have averted disaster for now.
That seems too bleak.
That seems unlikely.
That sent the euro sharply higher.
That share is likely to soar.
That should lead central banks to tighten monetary policy.
That should lessen its impact.
That signalled a free-for-all.
That smacked of shooting the messenger.
That smacks of near-desperation.
That something may be epigenetic imprinting.
That sort of content is proliferating.
That sort of set-up has been adopted in Chile and Sweden.
That sounds good, but it is a lot to ask.
That sounds like good news, I suggest.
That stable record may not persist.
That still sounds excessive.
That strategy failed.
That strategy has carried Mr Hart from strength to strength.
That strategy may now be running out of road.
That such efforts are needed is at first sight odd.
That suggests a more upbeat view of the future.
That suggests consumer prices have further to fall.
That suggests they want information.
That the president understands the trouble his party is in cannot be doubted.
That thought should give it courage.
That too failed.
That tripling of future sufferers is going to be expensive.
That typhoon of demand has now passed.
That used to be true.
That view is supported by the credit markets.
That view seems naive.
That was a century and a half ago.
That was a good idea.
That was for the ANC to decide.
That was four months ago.
That was good coalition politics.
That was much easier.
That was not a complete excuse.
That was probably just as well.
That was the easy bit.
That was two hours more than a year earlier.
That will be a further brake on recovery.
That will be the focus of this special report.
That will be unification of a sort.
That will change now.
That will change, but time is tight.
That will make heavenly returns even harder to come by.
That will matter as funding is squeezed.
That will not be for a while yet.
That will not now be necessary.
That will raise questions about how green it really is.
That will raise the cost of finance for companies and homeowners.
That will require new sources of demand.
That will soon change.
That wish, at least, may well be granted.
That would be a big blow to the president.
That would be extraordinary.
That would be like taking 100,000 cars off the road.
That would be pointless.
That would be premature.
That would be quite enough to constitute a revolution in its own right.
That would be something to get excited about.
That would bring in more rent.
That would certainly be worth looking at.
That would depend on the circumstances.
That would further entrench the divisions between the two sides.
That would further undermine the credibility of the election.
That would go a long way to bailing out the near-bankrupt government.
That would help nobody, say the Eurocrats.
That would limit the total number of character combinations.
That would make life difficult for Pakistan’s generals.
That would make other assets look expensive.
That would not be easy.
That would not have been his intention.
That would once have been a very controversial assertion.
That would please donors.
That would put back the costs and save several billion pounds.
That would put it under the eye of the Federal Reserve.
That would simplify matters enormously.
That's a bit misleading.
That, after all, is how real bodies develop.
That, after all, is what “Maoist” suggests.
That, apparently, is an insult.
That, at least, is not a charge that sticks to Mr Draghi.
That, at least, is the plan.
That, at least, is what Mr Webb's boosters argue.
That, however, is only part of the story.
That, however, is starting to change.
That, however, is the general idea.
That, however, may be too much to hope.
That, in a nutshell, is the philosophy of Texas today.
That, in short, is the charge sheet against the industry.
That, in turn, should cut re-offending and thus the jail population, the theory goes.
That, in turn, should further sap consumption.
That, it turns out, is not easy.
That, more or less, is the plan.
That, predictably, annoys India.
That, surely, is the greatest threat of all to these institutions.
That, the idea goes, is because a woman who guesses wrongly that a man intends to stick around could end up raising a child alone.
That, too, may be a good thing.
That’s a difficult one.
That’s also not going to happen.
That’s been a key feature of the US market.
That’s frisky for you.
That’s not going to happen.
That’s not to say that real shocks are unimportant.
That’s our idea of outreach to the Washington community.
That’s still enough to worry some people, though.
That’s the core purpose of the alliance.
That’s the tip of the iceberg.
The 3-D rush will continue.
The Allens are home-schoolers.
The American Conservative Union gives him a 100% rating.
The American army played down the violence.
The American economic embargo is still there, too.
The American military machine is under intense strain.
The American second-quarter results season was undoubtedly better than expected.
The Americans do not want it to be destabilised.
The Americans like him.
The Americans live in hope.
The Americans, in particular, are disappointed.
The Antarctic, however, is a different kettle of fish.
The BA strike offers an excellent opportunity.
The Bank of Canada can share some of the credit too.
The Bank of Canada has helpfully provided a tutorial.
The Bay State just doesn’t hate bankers enough.
The Big Mac index may itself be undervalued.
The Blue House has dropped hints of a cabinet shuffle.
The Brits, he reckoned, were “a pain in the ass”.
The CHP is therefore having to win over voters by itself.
The CRU specialises in studies of climates past.
The CSI effect can also be positive, however.
The Catholic child-abuse scandal rumbled on.
The Central Bank is formally independent.
The Central Bank now sees signs of overheating.
The Chinese are supposed to be building an armaments factory as well.
The Chinese have a point.
The Chinese may be thinking the same way.
The Chinese may have seen this as a taste of things to come.
The Chinese-born Dutch businessman named by North Korea to run the zone was jailed for fraud by China soon afterwards.
The Christian right is also solidly behind Israel.
The City of London is globalisation in action.
The Communists had already pulled out.
The Company of Scotland caught the national mood.
The Congress party triumphed in India’s general election.
The Conservatives will still be sought after in votes.
The Czech unemployment rate dipped to 8.6% in August.
The DPJ already holds the upper house.
The DPJ hardly got a look in.
The DPJ has vowed to stamp out that policy.
The DPJ may finally have seized power.
The DPP is out in the cold.
The Dalai Lama tries to sound conciliatory.
The Delaware party is now in a state of shock.
The Democrat is plainly struggling.
The Democrats want only a six-month delay.
The Democrats’ day of reckoning will be November 2nd.
The Democrats’ national leadership tried to save him.
The Department is gearing up for increased intake of students.
The Department of Agriculture does not track hobbyists.
The ECB may find itself in a tough spot, too.
The EU already does this.
The EU monitors have never been used again.
The EU was overmighty and too secular.
The Education Department is trying to fix these problems.
The English language demonises dirt.
The Episcopal church has seen the most turmoil.
The European Central Bank is in for the long haul.
The European Court of Human Rights is nudging the country towards tolerance.
The European Parliament is the great disappointment of the European project.
The European quarter of Brussels is an odd place.
The FCC seems to agree.
The FDP’s downward spiral may be harder to arrest.
The FMA asked the central bank to investigate Meinl Bank.
The Fed considers this analysis flawed.
The Fed should get most of its money back within six months.
The Foreign Legion and the paras fought like tigers.
The French are sensitive to this.
The French plant is also thought to be over budget, by around 20%.
The G20’s communiqué did not mention the idea.
The German authorities also fined Siemens a similar amount.
The Germans are also trying to do too much.
The Germans reject this.
The Germans want to stop shilly-shallying.
The Greek government faces no immediate funding troubles.
The House’s climate bill is a masterpiece of obfuscation.
The IASB has made big concessions.
The IMF’s conclusion is that they are not.
The IPC’s remit will extend beyond energy.
The Illinois senator lost by two.
The Indian elephants' good health is not assured.
The Indian tribe has just one turbine to catch it.
The Indonesian exchequer, for one, is missing out.
The Japanese archipelago is on the northern fringe of the monsoon belt.
The Japanese saw his trip differently.
The Japanese too are back in the game.
The Japanese, however, will be delighted.
The Jesuits sought to prevent reconstruction.
The Kremlin fears making the same mistake twice.
The LDP is also readying for battle.
The Lahore attack killed two dozen people.
The Lhasa Economic and Technological Development Zone fits the bill partially.
The Liberal Democrats have hardened their opposition.
The Liberation Party, too, has suspended protests.
The Lisbon treaty is now a historical fact.
The London Stock Exchange has been the big beneficiary.
The MDC's allies look weak too.
The MDC's leader, Morgan Tsvangirai, had accepted SADC's invitation to the get-together.
The MILF denied the accusation.
The Maoists’ rhetoric is certainly worrying.
The Met Office confessed it had got its forecast wrong.
The Met has its own reputation to consider.
The Museon Arlaten is a place of fantasy and wonder.
The Netherlands, in particular, uses such an approach.
The North has yet to say if it is keen.
The North threatened to wipe the South off the map.
The ODA’s anticipated final cost is ￡72.
The Obama administration has addressed that.
The Obama administration is also firmly behind the industry.
The Obama administration is unbowed.
The Ocampo ejido is inspiring.
The Olympic flame travelled directly from Greece to Beijing.
The Olympic games are a powerful incentive.
The Organisation of American States convened in Lima for its annual meeting.
The Palestinians are ill-equipped to bar the encroachment.
The Paris sales were proof that they are right.
The Pentagon reported that the first of these had been deployed.
The Port Authority is not willing to risk public money.
The Portuguese government had earlier vetoed the sale.
The Premier League is sponsored by Barclays.
The Qatar Investment Authority does not even publish an annual report.
The Red Cross said dozens had died.
The Republican ballot features the most sizzling fights.
The Republican field is splintered.
The Republican primary will be held in March.
The Republican race is now down to two.
The Republicans actively recruited him to run.
The Restoration itself was a new start.
The Royal Society was the embodiment of this philosophy.
The SEC has been working hard to beef up enforcement.
The SPD will now have to reinvent itself.
The Senate bill is better in several ways.
The Senate is proving less easy.
The Senate votes in September.
The Shanxi government says this is for safety reasons.
The Socialist Party is divided and drifting.
The South Korean government also played its part.
The Sunday paper lost just 2. 7%.
The Supreme Court matters.
The Tories are also flirting with industrial policy.
The Tories’ timing is canny.
The Turkish-Brazilian deal must now go to them for their approval.
The UN has been trying to strengthen its procedures.
The UN wants a third investigation.
The Uighurs went fishing.
The United States was never a member.
The United States, in particular, monetises food aid in a bizarre way.
The Vancouver Olympics got off to a dreadful start.
The Vietminh attack came as a complete surprise.
The Volcker rule could make things even worse.
The WTO’s dispute-resolution machinery turns slowly.
The West has lost economic eminence.
The West has not helped.
The Western media, he says, exaggerates it all.
The West’s response was feeble.
The White House has said that its stance is unchanged.
The World Bank has also often played a part.
The World Bank is preparing a more serious estimate.
The World Bank predicts 6. 5% growth.
The World Cup makes few such demands.
The World Cup would be much cheaper.
The X2 gets around these problems in a number of ways.
The academic setting is no exaggeration.
The academies are meant to change all that.
The accusation of time-wasting may in fact be unfair.
The accusations were similar to those against Mr Oultache.
The acronyms do not end there.
The action will now move to the UN Security Council.
The administration has been guarded on the travel ban.
The administration has stepped up its outrage a bit.
The administration increasingly appears to agree.
The administration wants that to change.
The advantages of co-operation seem to have outweighed those of competition.
The advocates of reform see plenty of scope for improvement.
The affair is turning into a huge row.
The affair unravelled acrimoniously in 1847.
The aftermath of bubbles can last for a long time in financial markets.
The agencies have had remarkable success.
The agency is belatedly being wound up.
The agreement has never come into force.
The airport has been put out of action by Israeli bombing.
The airports are clogged.
The alleged impostures were not confined to the digital realm.
The alliance has suited both sides.
The alliances are already being struck.
The allocation for early education was scrapped entirely.
The alternative might have been financial collapse.
The amount of counterfeit cash in circulation remains small.
The amount of digital information increases tenfold every five years.
The amount spent on interactive advertising on television is still small.
The ancient Egyptians were far smarter.
The announcement raises questions.
The annual production of new flats has been declining for years.
The annual production of new flats has been declining for years.
The answer is by improving the efficiency with which water is used.
The answer is desperation.
The answer is encouraging.
The answer is in the eye of the beholder.
The answer is obscured by a couple of big unknowns.
The answer is probably a bit of both.
The answer is simple: Turkey’s.
The answer is that it might.
The answer is the Chinese.
The answer is the light it casts on the Senate.
The answer is unclear.
The answer lies on the other side of the balance-sheet.
The answer to that, of course, is more information.
The answer, apparently, is not quite yet.
The answer, disappointingly, is not for very long.
The answer, new research suggests, is yes.
The answers are becoming clear.
The anti-war movement has all but lapsed into silence.
The ants don’t even slow down.
The appeal of intervention is now rising once again.
The appointment is on an interim basis until an election in 2010.
The argument for self-sufficiency is easiest to counter.
The argument is just a foretaste of fights to come.
The arguments in favour of revaluation will then loom much larger.
The armed forces, too, hope to benefit.
The army also formed him in other ways.
The army could still be used to disperse protesters.
The army has launched previous operations there.
The army has now taken them on.
The army is back in the barracks.
The army says more than 9,000 are now in custody.
The army's response was swift.
The army’s progress is encouraging.
The army’s success was based on numbers.
The arrangement appears to be legal.
The artist’s estate is not pleased.
The aspirants are software engineers.
The assumption goes back a long way.
The assumption is that whites will not vote for blacks.
The athletes’ village has no kitchen.
The attack happened days after the Americans left.
The attacks have not completely ceased.
The auction was nevertheless a relief.
The auctions, the bank said, were meant to “alleviate the strains in longer maturity money markets”.
The audacity of the pirates does not help.
The author has plotted his book with cunning.
The authorities are perturbed.
The authorities are starting to worry.
The authorities in Urumqi, however, have dug in their heels.
The authorities said it was a road accident.
The authors are not yet ready to say.
The average black score was just 863.
The average fund manager cannot earn more than the market.
The average over the past five years has been 52 days’ worth.
The average print run per title was less than two.
The aversion to spending is also deep-rooted.
The ayatollah will be hard to replace.
The backlash was intense.
The bad news was almost everything else.
The bank bail-out could cost less than expected.
The bank is also exposed to suspect municipal projects.
The bankers' pleas have not fallen on deaf ears.
The banking crisis was a baptism of fire.
The banks are also rediscovering their willingness to take risks.
The banks are declining to comment on the case.
The banks’ troubled debtors are also different.
The bartenders know him well.
The basic costs had gone up by ￡11.
The basic outlines of REDD are clear.
The basic problem is twofold.
The battle is not over yet.
The beginnings were modest enough.
The belief seemed well founded on several counts.
The benefits, however, were there, as well.
The benign period ended in the autumn of 2007.
The best mix they came up with was an alloy of gallium and indium.
The best prospects may be over trade.
The best response to an attack on democracy is more democracy.
The big beneficiary will be the government’s finances.
The big buyers were pension funds and endowments.
The big firms will still be able to do some gambling.
The big plus is that it produces anything up to 85% less greenhouse gases, depending on how the ethanol was brewed.
The big question is the impact on the home country's development.
The big risk comes from the debt side.
The big test will be where it goes next.
The biggest challenge has come from drug gangs.
The biggest clash of all is likely to be over pensions.
The biggest difficulty, however, is finding teachers.
The biggest drain has been the Olympic Village.
The biggest failure of all is political.
The biggest headache is mobile phones.
The biggest help for the government has been the economy.
The biggest question is about Russia.
The biggest worry is the electoral system itself.
The biggest worry remains crime.
The bill faced many obstacles.
The bill removes that requirement for the next three years.
The bill will doubtless be watered down in Congress.
The blessing is mixed.
The blind, however, are often excluded from such interactions.
The blockade has made it even more perilous.
The bomb has a very long fuse, however.
The bonds holding it together have frayed.
The book certainly makes for an engaging read.
The book has its faults.
The book is a sequel to “Freakonomics”.
The bookies, of course, usually win.
The boom has resonated widely.
The boom is based on solid foundations.
The brand is already established in Asia.
The brawl has made two things clear.
The breach is widening.
The breadth of Austen’s appeal is indeed extraordinary.
The brighter mood reflects orders and sales.
The bulk of this has been borrowed by homeowners and businesses.
The bullish case seems fairly simple.
The bullish story runs as follows.
The burden of office weighed heavy.
The business was profitable by 1996.
The business-model argument runs as follows.
The businesses are short of capital.
The cabinet should have ruled.
The calls have fallen on deaf ears.
The cameras are connected to a central computer.
The cap is not necessarily permanent.
The case against Intel is trickier.
The case has attracted widespread attention.
The case is not clear-cut.
The case is now before the Supreme Court.
The case sparked breathless headlines.
The catalogue is published by Yale University Press.
The ceasefire with Israel may be fraying.
The cells then mature and multiply.
The central bank is again in the cross hairs.
The central bank will also get powers to guard the stability of the financial system.
The central government approved.
The central government has also struggled.
The challenge is huge.
The chancellor, Angela Merkel, was already in trouble.
The chances are that it will not work.
The chances are that one will evolve spontaneously, if at all.
The change in Macau is palpable.
The change makes some sense.
The change, of course, was not sudden.
The characters are familiar, yet distorted.
The charge exasperates him.
The charge was later erased from the institute’s website.
The charms of the Prius are not hard to grasp.
The charter is given legal force by Lisbon.
The check may be temporary.
The chief danger will not lie with them.
The chief of the general staff ruled out emergency rule.
The chimpanzees were simply offered grapes—which they usually like.
The choice divided both congressmen and the city council.
The choice is bewildering.
The chorus comes from all sides.
The church Smith started is strictly hierarchical.
The city council approved, on an 8-0 vote.
The city hopes that the arts will spur economic development.
The city is familiar with misery.
The city is the most violent in Mexico.
The city said the test must have been unfair.
The city says he can't have one.
The city's approach is also somewhat arbitrary.
The claim is not far-fetched.
The claim is that they destroy germs.
The claim was later proved false.
The clearest success is the economy.
The clever bit, however, is the administration.
The climate for young workers is frostier than ever.
The club is growing quickly.
The coalition is a precarious thing.
The code became gangly.
The coil converts the current into a powerful magnetic field.
The cold war itself was not all that frigid.
The collapse in imports is helping balance the books.
The collapse of the Soviet Union brought a revolution to Chechnya.
The collection continued to grow in depth and in breadth.
The college is just one of many schools fingered for closure.
The colour comes from the light that remains unabsorbed.
The combination has worked before.
The commercial pressures are bound to grow.
The commission has two goals.
The commission’s case against Microsoft looks the most robust.
The commission’s suggested solution is to appoint itself as fire warden, firefighter and prosecutor.
The companies are slaves to the market as well as to the party.
The company denies it.
The company has made pay 100% performance-related.
The company has several problems.
The company is also becoming more secretive.
The company is predicting bumper growth again in 2008.
The company made two innovations.
The company said it would co-operate fully.
The company’s share price doubled on his watch.
The company’s share price is dropping considerably faster.
The comparison with China will be especially painful.
The competition is watching, but not waiting.
The competitiveness of American businesses has improved.
The complex is now worth an estimated $1.9 billion.
The complexity depends on the character set.
The components that do such conversion are expensive.
The compromise was helped by a number of factors.
The conditions, and the effectiveness of policy, differ in each particular instance.
The conductor is polite but bemused.
The conflict in Darfur continues unabated.
The conflicts issue is the most challenging of all.
The consensus was also that this is Europe’s fault.
The consequences could be far-reaching.
The consequences could have been widely felt.
The constraints seem to be set by science, and they are tight.
The contests for governor are more complex.
The contrast is now striking.
The contrast is revealing.
The contrast with Sony is striking.
The controversy has sent shudders through Hong Kong.
The controversy, however, has not abated.
The converse, unfortunately, is not true.
The coroner’s report still sits with the police.
The corresponding fall for all 27 countries in the EU was 1. 4%.
The cost is apt to be high, regardless.
The cost of failure would simply be too great.
The cost of supporting the Taliban may have been just too high.
The cost of the promise has been too great.
The cost of this will be passed on to consumers.
The costs go beyond any democratic deficit.
The costs of natural-gas developments vary wildly.
The costs of sticking out a neck are pifflingly low.
The costs will be high, the outcome uncertain.
The council refused.
The countries’ reconciliation still has a long way to go.
The country has long eschewed immigration.
The country has several factors in its favour.
The country needs more ways of making money.
The country that stands out as unrepentant is Greece.
The country’s crushing poverty is on parade.
The coup was wildly popular at the time.
The couple had one daughter.
The court overruled them.
The court's decision is awaited.
The courts have also become much warier of releases on parole.
The courts still move painfully slowly.
The court’s intervention may well bring benefits.
The cows are the problem.
The crackdown has had mixed results so far.
The cracks are most visible along geographical boundaries.
The creature soon died in captivity.
The credit crunch does not help.
The credit crunch has given them the opportunity.
The credit crunch has slashed the revenue from both.
The credit crunch may also be having lingering effects.
The crisis has cleared their minds.
The crisis has deepened the gloom, though.
The crisis has depleted that buffer.
The crisis has not been forgotten.
The crisis has only strengthened that motive.
The crisis has reinforced this positioning.
The crisis is still acute.
The crisis surrounding Greece’s public finances deepened.
The criteria are certainly confusing.
The criticisms overlap.
The crop is now coming to Berau.
The crowd cheers.
The crown itself should pass smoothly.
The culprit remains unknown and at large.
The cult of flexibility is also inflationary.
The cupboard’s cracked glass doors are slightly ajar.
The currency theory also has holes in it.
The current onslaught is mainly in the tropics.
The current record is 65 metres.
The current violence is only the start of a long revolutionary road.
The damage is becoming more apparent.
The damage to profits should be manageable.
The damage to the club can be severe.
The damage to the economy would have been too great.
The danger to taxpayers comes in two forms.
The dangers of an economic reverse appear to be mounting.
The data alone are not enough.
The date was August 22nd 1967.
The day before the unveiling he was jailed.
The de facto government recognises four deaths.
The dead one is Al Shanker, the president of the American Federation of Teachers from 1974 to 1997.
The deal fell through.
The deal helps Koenigsegg finance its purchase of Saab, which is being sold by General Motors.
The deal kicks matters of sovereignty downthe road.
The deal seemed to point rather to a shrinking of competition.
The deal's structure is certainly unorthodox.
The deal-making is likely to continue.
The dealer did not look happy.
The deals produce losers as well as winners.
The death penalty has been reinstituted.
The death rate is similar in the two species.
The death toll is hard to know.
The debate is often bitter.
The debate isn’t over yet.
The decades soon add up.
The decision has been costly.
The decision is preliminary and was not announced.
The decision to impose them had been announced in July.
The demand for new drugs can only increase.
The democratisation of news would be undone.
The desire has been there for much of recorded history.
The details are surprisingly complicated.
The details of this vision may be wrong.
The detergent diluted the fertiliser’s fatal dose.
The device is a masterpiece of simplification.
The difference between the two pictures could hardly be more marked.
The difference is over the means of dealing with them.
The difference is that Mr Webb is a military man.
The difference is that radar depends on radio waves.
The difference with Europe is especially striking.
The differences between the two are often notional.
The difficult part is getting them to switch on instantly.
The difficulties are only just beginning.
The disabled receive money to help with everyday tasks.
The disaster prompted the resignation of Shanxi’s governor, Meng Xuenong.
The discovery of gold shifted global perspectives.
The disparity is stark.
The dispute is souring the air as Australia embarks ontalks with Japan about a free-trade agreement.
The dividend exemption came into force in April.
The division is not entirely clean.
The division may fetch as much as $10 billion.
The dogs are having their day.
The dollar is the weakling among rich-world currencies.
The dollar volume of defaults is also much lower.
The dossier is already poisonously politicised.
That seemed to buy Mr Abe time.
That seems to be paying off.
That someone else could be a foreign nation.
That sounds reasonable.
That was a long five years ago.
That was not easy.
That would be a terrible shame.
That, at any rate, is the hope.
That’s the Obama effect for you.
The Bank of England has delivered a sombre warning.
The Chinese Exclusion Act was repealed only in 1943.
The EU is a more hopeful source of help.
The European Council is a rough, swaggering sort of grouping.
The French may not much like their president.
The Germans were not amused.
The Irish are expected to hold a second referendum in October.
The Israeli army says it is confident of victory.
The KMT, too, faces troubled times.
The London terrorists' trial run.
The Manchu empire collapsed a year later.
The Republicans have deep pockets.
The Socialists were not the only opposition party to suffer.
The U.S. housing slump has gone global.
The United States has become a lot more polite.
The United States has led the way.
The accusation is not implausible.
The agreement suits both sides.
The airline industry is one example.
The alternative, though cleaner, is leadership by wimps.
The analysis is excellent.
The announcement has another purpose, too.
The answer to all those questions, he said, is yes.
The answer to the conundrum is valuation.
The answer was to follow.
The approach is “build it and they will come”.
The army denies the charge.
The authorities face a dilemma.
The authorities in Beijing are well aware of these arguments.
The authorities took the standard forms of vengeance.
The average hides huge disparities.
The best course is going to college or university.
The big one is “range anxiety”.
The bill could yet prove even higher.
The book proved to be perfectly timed.
The border is not closed.
The broader worry across the region is political.
The caisson would fill with oil from the leak.
The campaign is being fought on two main issues.
The camps’ population is rising.
The capacity to reform politics resides largely with the government.
The character of lenders has changed too.
The charming gentleman’s complaint?
The clean-energy business has had a hard year.
The colonies did, indeed, have the synthetic genomes.
The composition of inflows also seems to matter.
The conclusion is clear.
The conflict seemed set to persist.
The conglomerates failed in droves.
The constitution says she must step down next year.
The courts are similarly dysfunctional.
The currency’s strength also reflects a stronger economy.
The cycle has not entirely turned.
The difference between the price asked and bid for a particular security.
The difference in weight was even greater.
The difficulties of Spanish banks are well known.
The dilemma the opposition faces has become sharper.
The earth enters them, and the wind fills them.
The economy failed to recover and deflation set in.
The effect of the uniform curriculum is unclear.
The effect was immediate.
The ensuing power struggle has turned violent.
The fall in the euro will help.
He believed Mr Putin's regular vows to fight graft.
The federal response needs to reflect that.
The few public signals seem contradictory.
The final judgment will be delivered on May 4th.
The finance bill has three main parts.
The financial crash has hit another 50 million.
The firm is expanding into Poland.
The first is demography.
The gallery seemed to find this most amusing.
The generator produces electricity.
The global recession did not help.
The government has launched a three-tiered prevention programme.
The government says it cannot afford more.
The government stepped in.
The group descended the steps to leave.
The higher the ICOR, the less efficient the investment.
The idea is a good one.
The impact on daily life is much less apparent.
The judge called a recess.
The legislative elections are fairly easy to predict.
The logic is alluring.
The lot of ordinary South African women is still hard.
The main reason for growth is demographic.
The medical school was founded in 1998.
The mice were split into two groups.
The mixture thus solidifies.
The moguls have seen off the barbarians.
The months and years of delay were not entirely wasted.
The most effective weapon is democracy itself.
The most likely answer lies somewhere in between.
The most likely theory is of a plan gone awry.
The murder rate is hideously high in some countries.
The negotiations leading up to Copenhagen have been something of a fiasco.
The network banks have been through a few twists and turns.
The new government decided to do it sooner.
The new lands were handed back their virginity.
The new supervisory authorities are also hamstrung.
The number of prosecutions has soared.
The odds are not in Mr McCain's favour.
The only missing ingredient of naval might was an aircraft-carrier.
The other argument concerns access.
The outcome is a stand-off between the church and Mr Berlusconi.
The pain will probably be concentrated in two main areas.
The party would agree.
The pitch has been carefully chosen.
The plan may not even be working.
The plastic can later be incorporated into huts.
The pockets of both firms are simply too deep.
The police and judiciary are beholden to politicians.
The polls suggest that the electorate is almost equally divided.
The practice was extensive and brazen.
The pragmatic approach has proved effective.
The present gap is really more of a chasm.
The price of democracy in America has risen in recent years.
The primary fleshed out their lines of attack.
The problem is most acute in politics.
The problem is that it is hard to see such politicians shutting up.
The province’s economy is now rapidly recovering.
The public prosecutor has begun an inquiry into these claims.
The question is what a bilateral approach might achieve.
The race is gathering national attention.
The rains have not come.
The reality is more complex.
The recent signals are still mixed.
The region stands badly in need of an effective forum.
The results have been poor.Studying interactions is gruelling and time-consuming work.
The revolution has lost the loyalty of young people.
The revolution has thus devoured its children.
The rich are cancelling orders for yachts.
The rich-world coalition is getting rickety too.
The roots of consensus are deep.
The same is true for the ANP.
The same process applies at local level.
The same trend was evident in Britain and the euro zone.
The screen is small but adequate.
The sea is becoming more acidic.
The sense of relief is understandable.
The short answer is no.
The signals are loud and clear.
The significance of these documents does not end there.
The situation is even more acute for the United Nations.
The smoke is so thick it can be seen from space.
The state's ethics laws remain feeble.
The state's housing market is relatively stable.
The system does have limits.
The tactic failed miserably.
The technology used to counter pirates is also becoming more sophisticated.
The third category includes hedge funds.
The timing is also opportune.
The transition was not always smooth.
The trial has proved a distraction for Mr Anwar.
The trouble is the international damage.
The two famously loathed each other.
The two firms' cultures are also different.
The two groups have now switched positions.
The two language services are editorially separate.
The two main parties are running neck and neck before the election.
The unemployment rate is 9% and rising.
The unions, unsurprisingly, are refusing to budge.
The units are also very small and spartan.
The upshot is that Chinese science needs to get its house in order.
The vase became his canvas.
The villagers lack the capital to replant.
The waiters don't speak English.
The world may not see it that way.
The world will hope so, too.
Their invention conquered the world.
Their source was Friedrich Hayek, in fact an Austrian.
Their survival was uncertain.
Their views are impossible to tell apart.
Then there is the evidence written on the bodies of all living things.
Then there is the main asset himself, Mr Cameron.
Then they would waste away.
Theories of supply and demand do not work, either.
There are almost no functioning automated teller machines.
There are cultural barriers, too.
There are limits to issuance of longer-dated liabilities.
There are many more ideas on the drawing board.
There are other compromises, too.
There are striking similarities between the downturns.
There have been no reports of serious outbreaks of disease.
There is a lot still to be done.
There is a self-fulfilling aspect to that faith.
There is an argument for some of those.
There is no cyberwar.
There is no easy way out.
There is some evidence to support their case.
There was no need to hype it up.
There were other reasons for the Dutch no.
There's no quibbling over Mr Kim's brutality.
There's nothing unique; there's nothing distinct.
These are green shoots that need tending.
These are pointers to look for.
These can be used to programme digital video recorders.
These countries also had a lot further to fall.
These early results are impressive.
These events took the region by surprise.
These forays often turned violent.
These gains have come at a terrible cost.
These had been improving.
These hormones are called leptin and adiponectin.
These layers are sandwiched between two sheets of glass or plastic.
These outsourcers are still expanding and moving upmarket.
These social achievements have not come about by accident.
These splits matter.
These technologies changed everything.
These three things tend to go together.
These troubles did not come out of the blue.
These upgrades are expensive.
They are not always wrong.
They can take some credit, thanks to their Amazon beef campaign.
They found that two types of imprinting are involved.
They have used their people as a shield.
They may yet turn up some chicanery.
They often have a flat management structure.
They often have horrid lives.
They have won a pay rise of 3% in real terms.
Things could still go wrong.
Things will go wrong, naturally.
This apparent contradiction can be resolved.
This can make parking easier.
This can speed matters along.
This confidence may be misplaced.
This could be holding down the yields of the most liquid markets.
This creates a ratchet effect.
This formulation has failed to deliver the hoped-for results.
This hasn’t done much good.
This is a sort of reflection tower.
This is not a recipe for progress with reform.
This is not for want of enthusiasm.
This is not just a worry for socially-conservative preachers.
This is the first pact negotiated with an individual.
This job rather appeals to me.
This kind of deal has put Lubbock on the map.
This lasts only a week or so.
This makes the economy more vulnerable to a hard landing.
This may be the best way to break the stalemate.
This rule cuts both ways.
This sort of proposal attracts two main criticisms.
This takes pictures of the surface of an object.
This was the biggest absolute reduction of any country in the world.
This will be an interesting experiment.
This will introduce yet another complicating factor into Chinese diplomacy.
This would be a calamity for European banks.
Those that remain are increasingly doddery.
To be fair, this mistrust is heartily reciprocated.
Top of the list is open-source software.
BNP will now pay out just 500m upfront.
Ballots were sent out earlier this month.
Banks and their customers are watching every penny.
Banks’ lending criteria have tightened.
Batteries can be bulky and slow to charge.
Because language is the primary vehicle for thought.
Because of these discounts, more people are taking cruises.
Belatedly, politicians are taking notice.
Benazir also belonged to the world of the international elite.
Besides, the Democrats are hardly penniless.
Big profits mean big payouts.
Bilateral talks can be dragged out.
Blockbusters are also reaching people in more ways.
Blood supplies for transfusions ran low.
Boosting brainpower is not enough.
Borders are routinely violated by aggressive neighbours.
Both Ms Harris and Mr Cooley opposed that reform.
Both companies face the same set of problems.
Both developments were wholly foreseeable.
Both figures are far worse than previously thought.
Both firms changed their minds.
Both men make three broad points.
Both these actions boosted the amount of farmland.
Both those models are almost impossible to replicate now.
Both water and blood require a lot of pumping.
Britain was an indebted supplicant.
Broadly, such concerns divide into three sorts.
Building standards have been tightened.
But Imperial Valley does shows great promise for the green economy.
But New Jersey’s budget is a mess.
But Old Master drawings were his first and enduring love.
But a larger proportion will come from immigration.
But after that, the hydrogen begins to run out.
But asset prices look dangerously frothy.
Tuberculosis is harder to stamp out.
Two factors seem to be at work.
Two factors suggest not.
Two opposition parties were the main beneficiaries.
Two things overhang this debate.
Unionists are opposed to prosecutions.
Update: the death toll now stands at 12.
Urban demand for housing has pushed prices up rapidly in recent years.
Utterly wrong, counters Mr Parsky.
Violators face up to five years in jail.
Violence is not the only consequence.
Visa renewals are no longer routine.
WHERE do good ideas come from?
Waves of bank failures also often made things worse.
What explains these enigmas?
What explains this odd situation?
When they go shopping, she teaches them economics.
Where there are differences, they are sometimes smaller than they seem.
Who says video games poison the minds of the young?
Wireless is ubiquitous, free and functional.
Wishful thinking, perhaps.
Without a transfusion, only 3% died.Those numbers need to be treated with caution.
You come into the world with nothing, the saying goes.
Yes, there have been some improvements.
Yet Mr Taheri has faults too.
Yet almost half of the buyers have been female.
Yet his climbing was the reverse of reckless.
Yet no action was taken.
Yet that would send a perverse message.
Yet the Lithuanians want more.
Yet the Palestinians remain sceptical.
Yet the answer to that has proved surprisingly elusive.
Yet the connection is elusive.
Yet they are delicate pieces of equipment.
Yet they are not entirely empty to me.
Yet this is tendentious.
Young people always have lower levels of employment.
Youngstown’s problems have been manifold.
Your correspondent thinks this is poppycock.
Adding more does not result in more growth.
putting pressure on the studios that rely heavily on them for profits.
rather than dismissing the whole lot as hopelessly inefficient.
she tried to jolt him out of his depression.
they are now able to borrow on advantageous terms.
It's such a simple thing to do.
We completely support the taxes.
What am I to tell my voters?
"Yes" campaigners have been pelted with eggs.
But not a day longer, was the implication.
He relentlessly extended management's empire.
It was the right thing to do.
Not all explanations are as high-faluting.
Phrasing the challenge turned out to be key.
Yet the police feel otherwise.
she landed the starring role in a new film.
But bottlenecks are already appearing.
But celebration may be premature.
But chartists will not be completely discouraged.
But cod remains the meal of choice.
But competition may become more intense.
But even China may have limits.
But even this evidence is weak.
But getting there was not simple.
But he does not ply his trade in Vietnam.
But in practice, it was quite different.
But it has not been an easy gestation.
But it is losing popular support.
But it is not as cheap as it was.
But it never happened that way.
But it suggests that at least one of figures is.
But its investigation has ranged more widely.
But military spending is different.
But most of the protesters are sane.
But no one knows when prices will rebound.
But nobody can be sure of that.
But not everyone is dancing in the streets.
But opening a new clinic is not easy.
But other measures smack of overkill.
But passing a law is one thing and implementing it is another.
But people would be deterred from acting on the green-eyed monster.
But productivity was low and stagnant.
But progress has been made at state level.
But proponents of cold fusion think it is possible.
But protectionist sentiment in both countries will remain strong.
But she decided instead to take up his struggle for the farm.
But similar schemes abound.
But some countries did not stay the course.
But some frailties are emerging.
But some scepticism is in order.
But such direct comparisons are rare.
But that could easily prove explosive.
But that pain will be transferred to the welfare budget.
But that raises another objection in his mind.
But that seems unlikely so close to an election.
But that will not be enough.
But that would get rather repetitive.
But the SPD has little desire to repeat the experience.
But the battle is not over yet.
But the battle will continue.
But the company will be ready.
But the deal is controversial.
But the loan books are where the real concerns lie.
But the receiving country would benefit, too.
But the response has been half-hearted.
But then, that is the nature of austerity.
But there are limitations.
But there are some signs of hope.
But there is a counter-argument.
But there were legal objections to a covert operation.
But they are essentially instruments of state power.
But they are in a weak position.
But this approach will work even less well in the future.
But this boosts the supply of yuan deposited in banks.
But this car is Rahul’s heirloom.
But this is not the whole picture.
But this year momentum has slowed.
But those who work hard tend to make their own luck.
But trust is scarce.
But why do that?
By offering the best customer service.
By then, however, Mr Gates could well have quit.
Can such demands be met?
Capital controls limit capital flight.
Capital spending in particular is to be slashed.
Capital-gains taxes are eliminated entirely.
Changes are coming.
Changes in the Chinese-language curriculum have caused a stir too.
Changing citizens’ attitudes to paying tax will be harder still.
Changing the rules would not be easy.
China has barely started on these important reforms.
China has certainly succeeded in that.
China is already well on the way to becoming the world's biggest market for anything you can think of.
China is not oblivious to such anxieties.
China is taking no risks.
China makes a habit of bending the rules of economics.
China must be worried.
China would be churlish not to welcome that.
Cisco intends to push TelePresence into the home.
Clients have fled a bank, not a country.
Companies will also find it harder to borrow.
Comparisons with the church are inescapable.
Competition for the contract had been stiff.
Competition in emerging markets will grow.
Complex fractures will thus heal more easily.
Conditions inside some of those caravans are bad.
Congress will deliberate over the plans.
Consumers are sceptical.
Continental European figures were far lower.
Contracts would become more transparent.
Controlling fires is also important.
Conversely, it will be reduced or absent where they do not.
Could this be the year for immigration reform?
Countries such as Britain might drool at that.
Cracks later appeared in the running tracks.
Critics of reform were never convinced.
Deciding precisely when to tighten is tricky, however.
Deciding where the axe will fall is harder.
Deeper flaws are emerging.
Delays to the opening of venues have held up security arrangements.
Did he really need to refer to Donald Duck?
Discipline in his Fianna Fail party has weakened.
Distributed computing may or may not find aliens.
Do the differences we found matter?
Dr Ames began his career studying cancer.
Dr Venter certainly hopes so.
Each failed to meet expectations.
Economic growth improves lives unobtrusively.
Egypt is favoured by nature.
Estimating the size of the spill was an essential first step.
Eugene Terre’Blanche was incensed.
Europe has its own property hotspots.
Even Starbucks has plans for a $1 coffee.
Even in that report, though, there were caveats.
Even this may be an underestimate.
Every American state keeps a register of sex offenders.
Farm labour will be in demand.
Farmers are not so sure.
Fertility is in decline.
Few non-specialists even know it exists.
Few will be so bold.
Few, though, are stranger than rotifers.
Fewer blacks can afford good lawyers.
Finally came the sound of muffled sobbing.
Firms can offer better service as a result.
First came the annus horribilis of 1979.
Five years earlier it had brought in less than $200 million.
For Brazil, the risks are rather greater.
For Italy’s prime minister, the EU is boring.
For a while, they kept that promise.
For all that it preaches harmony and good neighbourliness, China comes across as a regional bully.
Foreigners are getting impatient.
Fortunes were made.
Forty years is a long time.
Four decades on, it has yet to find one.
France dislikes “semi-automatic” sanctions.
Frustration is beginning to boil over.
Fuel, however, is a low-value commodity.
Further, inequalities are rising fast.
Future pain will come from the traditional guarantee business.
GE is among those taking advantage.
GM spends more on health insurance than on steel.
GM was to be disappointed.
Galloping inflation in American college fees.
Geely itself uses different figures in different statements.
Germany largely rose to the challenge.
Germany was a prolific builder, too.
Global warming dries out farmland.
Globalisation has been disrupted before, of course.
Goethe University is in the vanguard.
Google has offered to build another.
Grasses, by contrast, are doing well.
HOW far can the clock be turned back?
HOW much computing can mankind afford?
Have patience, said the optimists.
He also said a bit about what value chains were not.
He boldly championed women’s rights.
He had promised to fight drug-trafficking gangs.
He holds “positive notions of what government actions can accomplish”.
He is clearly not fussy about where it comes from.
He knew his life might be important.
He knows he has a reputation as a bluffer.
He retains his seat in parliament.
He said the job took three cuts across the girl’s shin.
He says the police commit abuses.
He still has some way to go.
He strongly backs the embargo.
He thinks the intervention should be ended.
He wants wider consultation.
He was thrown out of Harvard for cheating in an exam.
Health care is another racial issue.
Hedge funds, too, depend on the banks for financing.
Hedge-fund fees are overdue for trimming.
Hence the need for this shortcut.
Her party will stick with her for the moment.
Her three-year-old grandson is malnourished.
Here and there, houses were burning.
Higher deposit rates would also boost household income.
Higher growth in inland regions is nothing new.
Higher inflation is also creeping into costs.
His ambition was simple.
His ambivalence is widely shared.
His intentions are unclear.
His job has not been easy.
His observation now looks astonishingly prescient.
His offence is serious.
His strategy is a risky one.
His views are widely shared.
His working method is relatively simple.
History will not repeat itself exactly.
Home-working is increasingly fashionable.
Honda has mollified strikers with raises of up to 24%.
Alas the results last week were only so-so.
All must now be reintroduced.
All of these things are to the good.
All this is supposed to build a base of support.
Aluminium helps a vehicle’s green credentials, too.
America and Russia are busy cutting warheads.
America could not do such a thing and still be true to itself.
America has reason to worry.
America's suburbs used to be bastions of Republicanism.
American collectors were nowhere to be seen.
America’s Defence Department created the beginnings of the internet.
America’s department of defence has taken note.
An internet support group sprouted.
And getting paid for it is gruelling labour in itself.
And he promised a unifying city.
And inside, Hutto used to be just like a jail.
And new competition is on the way.
And no adverse side-effects were observed.
Households must save to work off excess debts.
Housing policy will be devolved to local authorities.
How big a loss is hard to gauge.
How do they do it?
How effective are UAVs?
How many women in the village have died giving birth?
How might they do this?
How much they have borrowed is a matter of fierce debate.
However, Pakistan is worried about the cumulative effects.
However, all this is somewhat misleading.
However, the proposal is a mere 821 pages long.
Human trials are expected to begin next year in India.
Human-rights activists were outraged.
Hundreds of millions of lottery tickets are sold every week.
Hundreds of thousands signed it.
Hygiene and wimps, it seems, go hand in hand.
I arrive at my hotel late in the evening.
I asked how many bankers were among the pool.
I never admit mistakes and I am always correct.
I register for the meeting at 11.
IN THEIR freedom they had no homeland.
it would actually increase the number of potential bottlenecks.
If comedy rises from the ashes it will not be the first time it has done so.
If he fails, it won’t be for lack of trying.
Immigrant children suffer most.
In July the export quota was cut by 40%.
In Maryland, most roads lead to Washington.
In May they were given another year’s breathing space.
In fact there is little certainty whatsoever.
In many respects, the yen should be climbing.
In part, that is because of a change in asset mix.
In short, Portugal is indeed different from Greece.
In the Middle East and North Africa 70% of countries are not free.
In the end, it achieved the worst of both worlds.
In the end, these funds could be forfeited entirely.
In the modern era Sweden offers grounds for optimism.
All four members of each group had been “charged” with a crime.
In truth, the EU had no choice.
In truth, the result is not that surprising.
In truth, this is a circular argument.
Indeed, the law of volatility can be invoked again.
Indeed, there was almost an element of choreography in the strike.
Independent labour unions do not exist.
India is likely to prove more promising.
India is rumoured to be supporting thestalwarts.
India would perhaps rather be spared discreet balancing acts of this sort.
Industrial undertakings have been no less adept at harvesting subsidies.
Inflation is edging down.
Influenza viruses are also astonishingly mutable.
Instead, it must foster and harness that growth.
International pressure also grew stronger.
Intervention is a deal with the devil, however.
Into this mix, dangerously and unpredictably, comes North Korea.
Investors and regulators are taking aim, too.
Investors are nervous and regulators are too.
Investors today are not about to repeat that mistake.
Investors were duly squeamish.
Iraq is a different story.
Ireland is a small country, to be sure.
Is Lady Ashton the wrong woman for her job?
Is that a carefully calibrated snub to the Estonians? 
Is the money enough to make a difference?
It also carried out multiple missile tests.
It also has a small operation in China.
It can even be switched on and off.
It could be even worse.
It did not last very long.
It does, however, bring some problems.
It even makes screens for Sony’s TVs.
It had started on a high note.
It has brought some overdue realism, too.
It has never been possible to separate the Olympics from politics
It is all fine stuff.
It is also no secret that he is superstitious.
It is also setting the political agenda in Alberta.
It is an individual’s essence.
It is easier to be radical in retirement than in office.
It is hard to know how significant that is.
It is next to impossible to rest or be at peace.
It is not just journalists and writers who are unhappy.
It is not, however, a turning-point.
It is one that chimes with their deepest instincts.
It is probably too soon to use the word “bubble”.
It is the same with television.
It is too early to claim that crown.
It might even suggest that success is possible.
It more than doubled its profits between 2002 and 2005.
It often takes a shock to set the reform machine in motion.
It rescued the summit from disaster.
It says these measures are working.
It scares the rest of the world.
It sounds crazy.
It sounds ridiculous, of course.
It still has enormous problems.
It succeeded in doing so.
It suits the national papers, too.
It takes an iron will to be contrarian at such times.
It takes two main forms.
It turned out there wasn’t one.
It was Kosovo that unleashed Mr Putin.
It was a close-run thing.
It was a last hurrah.
It was a perfect fit.
It was a poignant moment.
It was an all too easy commission.
It was enough to drive most people insane.
It was not always that way.
It welcomes and assimilates all new arrivals.
It will also take time to recover from the bear market.
It will be a while before anyone knows who is right.
It will come into force next month.
It will have two parts.
It will pay in shares, not cash.
It would look better than both.
Its casualty-rate has since been much higher.
Its infrastructure is in woeful shape.
Its makers claim it can help consumers to lose weight.
Its state legislature has been in Republican hands for over a decade.
It‘ll be liberty or it’ll be death.
It’s been a tough year.
Japanese venture capitalists are few and far between.
Japan’s relations with its American ally sank to new lows.
Just a series of great speakers.
Just changing the colour of a pill can help.
Just getting around the city is gruelling.
Just in time, too.
Just relying on strong performance is not enough.
Kabul seems like the capital of an occupied country.
La Défense will now be linked directly to the airports.
Labour has got off to a bad start.
Labour is well to the right of the PES mainstream.
Last May was a low point.
Last week it succeeded in grabbing attention.
Lawsuits seemed to dog his every move.
Lawyers for the defence are demanding a full investigation.
Less than half of those houses were occupied.
Many analysts blame speculation.
Many are employed in Iraq.
Many media companies have already gone one step further.
Many of their old homes are in Poland.
Mergers and acquisitions overseas have been brisk.
Mexico is about to become the first country to give it a try.
Money should not be a problem.
Moonlighting may sound appealing.
Morality, said the court, cannot be divorced from the constitution.
More could follow.
More information can be found here.
Moreover, when it gets things wrong, it often does so spectacularly.
Most of these do not quite fit the facts.
Most rainforest timber is used locally.
Most suspects have not reached the courts.
Mr Brown strives to be fair-minded.
Mr Cameron’s predicament is ironic.
Mr Foot was slow to realise this.
Mr Kennedy is a son of the late Ted Kennedy.
Mr Mankell is a master portraitist of Sweden’s underside.
Mr Miliband knows this is a problem.
Mr Ozawa now controls the party’s purse strings.
Mr Seldes’s answer is different.
Mr Singh campaigned on what he calls “inclusive growth”.
Mr Zuma takes power at a hard time.
Mrs Palin may know this.
Ms Rice left home with a flea in her ear.
Much the same applies to the development of new oilfields.
My last visit was in March 2008.
NASA faces substantial challenges.
NO NEWS is good news.
Neither country is a stranger to cyberwarfare.
Neither has an incentive to sign a deal right now.
Neptune should be smiling.
Nevertheless, the clean-energy economy remains small.
New competitors are also emerging.
New regulations will make this even more important.
No binding agreements protect them.
No one had an answer.
No one is obviously harmed.
No one knows for sure because he died alone.
No one, then, comes out looking good.
No other challenger could hope to boast as much.
None of this was evident at first glance.
Nor does the problem disappear as children get older.
Nor is it clear where new demand might arise.
Nor is the timing of his departure altogether ideal.
Nor was another fear realised.
Nor was it to be the last.
Nor was this the first such incident.
Normally such disputes are resolved behind closed doors.
North Korea’s actions have been met with unanimous condemnation.
Not a single seat went to the Brothers.
Not everyone was impressed.
Not that scientists have all the answers.
Nothing will happen quickly.
Nothing wrong with that either, of course.
Now a new version is emerging.
Now imagine you are a bit richer.
Now it is beginning to let out its breath.
Now it is the turn of the police.
Now it is under attack from speculators.
Now there is sophisticated technology.
Now there will be more competition.
Now they face a new battle.
Now, however, he is in hot-disavowal mode.
Now, however, the PBOC is losing money.
Now, they are pretty good.
Nowhere is that more obvious than in the corners of it that interact with the media.
Old-fashioned television is hardly being swept away.
One is to increase pay.
One might ask: so what?
One person is said to have been killed and a dozen hurt.
One problem is vulnerability to local politics.
Online games are popular in China because they are cheap.
Only Mr Kim knows.
Only public uproar prevented it.
Optimists hear the fluttering of good fairies’ wings.
Or, in non-technical jargon, drop it.
Orders to this effect have already gone out.
Other approaches are a bit more subtle.
Other changes have been more forward looking.
Other firms have leapt into the gap.
Other observers have been making similarly gloomy predictions.
Other pollsters put the number even higher.
Other rich countries also slapped on restrictions.
Other sorts of carve-out are being sought, too.
Other studies, however, do not find this.
Others also sniff bumper profits.
Others are products of mixed marriages.
Others have reached similar conclusions.
Otherwise, not much appears to have changed.
Part of the new style is to be constantly on the go.
People in the industry are arguing for a price floor.
Perhaps they were too successful.
Plenty of problems remain.
Political reform matters.
Politics is a tough business.
Politics plays a role too.
Poppycock, of course.
Portugal could be forgiven for feeling picked on.
Procurement could also be tightened.
Projects are rushed.
Red tape is being cut.
Reform could make it even more robust.
Reform of the electoral system was also promised but little has been done.
Remedial steps, the company says, have already been taken.
Sadly, savings are likely to be slim.
Sceptics think it loses money.
Serbia called the charter an illegal act.
Several of the ladies were briefly detained.
Several parents tell a different story.
Share prices offer another perspective.
She gave the American the finger.
She intends to set fire to it and find out what happens.
She marries Lev, the younger.
She resigned last month.
Short-sellers increase market liquidity.
Leading Democrats say they will decide how to proceed within a week or so.
Ginnie Mae would continue to back loans to low income families.
We are, after all, at a top ranked global MBA programme.
George Bush has said he will be there.
Many places have outsourced the work to private contractors.
Reckitt is still adding extra frills to its goods, and pricing them accordingly.
It argues that businessmen should look at emerging markets at the level of cities, not countries.
Capitalism red in tooth and claw never seemed to appeal to Reinhard Mohn.
In fact, the first test runs could never have made such an object.
Its share price dropped amid concerns the price was so high.
Measures banning same sex nuptials were passed elsewhere.
In a typical camera phone, the image is focused by the lens onto a photosensitive silicon chip.
The trick is to get the dissolved uranium out of the resulting solution.
Dr Jones says the phenomenon is much like that observed in a vacuum packed coffee brick.
Over half of the superdelegates have already endorsed a candidate.
That is all too inconvenient to highlight today.
The same arguments were advanced in the early 990s, after all.
The strikes were widely, if briefly, covered in the state supervised press.
This is not to say that such changes have no effect.
These basic models are also influential because of their simplicity.
These are not disconnected episodes.
3D thus looks as though it could be poised for a dramatic future.
For the past year, Israelis and Palestinians have experience a lull in violence.
The Iraq war has damaged America's confidence in its hard power.
Until this month the various EU institutions all competed over foreign policy.
No longer do investors have to pay such a big premium.
Unless prices recover taxpayers will ultimately take the hit.
Surely the money could be better spent somewhere else.
By 2005 their share had risen to 38.4%.
Rape, on the other hand, is usually vastly underreported.
A lot also depends on how quickly the currency is allowed to rise.
Almost everywhere in the developed world, such laws are being debated.
Mr Fryer eschews histrionics in favour of hard data.
On the way up, macroeconomists were not wholly complacent.
46 sailors died in the incident, which took place in March.
Being technologically advanced and well diversified in export markets is a defence.
Innovative firms also tend to outperform their peers.
That is where RIM reckons it has an edge.
Leave it too late to monetise and the business could collapse.
Or they suddenly offer deep discounts to ensure a sale.
Practical men like Mr Yousif paid attention.
Nor was this just a matter of a few rogue guards behaving badly.
The convoluted structure see chart helps to deter would be raiders.
Americans are having fewer children, perhaps because of tougher economic times.
In short, the established firms may be coasting.
All these arguments applied in spades to 9th century rail.
Another dubious assertion is being visibly perpetuated.
But that will not hold them up for ever.
But there is evidence that even the labour market is not delivering the goods.
Doubts over the wine's provenance soon emerged, though.
On the surface, this sudden enthusiasm for the firm hand of government seems strange.
The same level they hit before the last house price crisis in 1988.
The prowess of BP's management had been one of the company's strongest selling points.
Despite the crisis, there are few signs of progress towards better fiscal coordination.
That hasn't stopped the banks fighting their corner.
Three things are casting doubt on the free market approach.
In general, producing countries save more, and spend less, than consuming nations.
Nonetheless Twitter is hedging its bets.
After all, it is at just such times that domestic demand could do with support from the state.
What was this wisdom, and how was it forgotten?
800,000 Rwandans have been tried in improvised gacaca courts, many for murder.
Field surgery is performed with rudimentary equipment and morphine is scarce.
China's industrial output grew by 16.1% in October compared with a year earlier.
China's land policies and its household registration system, or hukou, may be partly to blame.
China's local governments are no doubt wasting a lot of money.
China's massive expansion of nuclear power provides a good example.
China's neighbours wish it were so.
China's policymakers will not be unhappy with their new, slimline figure.
China's property boom is being financed mainly by saving, not bank lending.
China's purchases of US Treasuries will naturally slow down along with its export growth.
China's reactions so far suggest that American complaints make an imminent currency shift less, not more, likely.
China's real interest rate is now 7%, which is among the highest in the world.
China's reforms were meant to stop this ever happening again.
China's ruling Communist Party has swiftly quashed previous bouts of labour unrest.
China's shadows may be even deeper than they seem.
China's space programme is at last coming out.
China's state-controlled media was more restrained, with striking exceptions.
Chinese and Indian manufacturing output rose in April, pushing Asian stockmarkets up sharply.
Chinese cars have also performed poorly in German safety tests.
Chinese communities abroad have long lived under the threat of persecution.
Chinese consumers seem to have even more of a taste for variety than most.
Chinese dialects, for example, contain between 9,500 and 22,000 characters.
Chinese editorials said South-East Asians should not be hoodwinked by imperialists.
Chinese firms have already begun investing heavily in the sands.
Chinese firms no longer feel like little brothers.
Chinese firms that are building airports, roads and power plants are sought after clients.
Chinese industry now consumes about two thirds of rare earth production.
Chinese manufacturing became more competitive, not less.
Chinese officials also talked vaguely of working together, but showed little evidence of solidarity.
Chinese officials refused diplomats' requests for meetings.
Chinese participants were coached beforehand on how they should pose their questions.
Chinese staff presume that a manager is empowered to make decisions and can do so quickly.
Chinese staff will drum up business from local branches.
Chinese workers in the cities are now at least as expensive as their Thai or Filipino peers.
Chocolate today, he says, is where coffee was five years ago.
Chongqing's government is doing its bit to improve its links with the rest of China.
Chopping people often comes more easily to banks than cutting pay.
Christian Britain has been a largely secular place for decades.
Christianity has shrivelled in Christendom's European heart.
Christie's hopes the Farsi provenance will be enough to counter any weakness in the market.
Christie's global presence allows it to sell works wherever they will do best.
Christopher Robin style wheezles and sneezles flourish in cold weather.
Chronically over reactive immune systems may not, though, be an entirely bad thing.
Chrysler now has until the end of April to get the deal done.
Chrysler will provide both a manufacturing base and a powerful distribution network.
Chrysler's executives hoped that a big marketing push would clear the glut.
Cinemas tend to charge 30-40% above the ordinary ticket price.
Circulation at the Boston Globe tumbled by 18%.
Circulation rose sixfold while he was there.
Citi must now show that it can thrive on its own.
Citigroup and Bank of America posted thumping quarterly losses.
Citigroup was also kicked off because of the government's "large and ongoing stake".
Citizens have helped clean the litter strewn, scorched and bloodied streets.
Citi's ratios in particular have improved dramatically.
City agencies, non-profits and private firms all worked together.
City schools, he says, need "bold, tough leadership".
Civil libertarians will rejoice.
Civilian police attached to such missions are a different matter.
Claimants entering typically low paid jobs would keep more of their benefits than before.
Clean energy now gobbles up almost a tenth of America's venture capital.
Cleaning that up left China a world leader in bail outs.
Cleaning up after a lot of oil hits the shore will raise the stakes considerably higher.
Clear-eyed historical reminders are always welcome.
Clearly a society built on consumption will have to pay more attention to saving.
Clearly neither the corrupt bureaucracy nor the security services can do so.
Clearly, although times have changed, this dynamic has not.
Clearly, investors are expecting a robust profits recovery in the years ahead.
Clearly, some managers are racist.
Clearly, the author of such an article has never been to Poland.
Clever buyers visit a branch to take a look, and then order via the internet.
Clients would face a lot of opposition if they tried to restrict managers' fees.
Climate change makes hydrology trickier still.
Climate watchers are steadily lowering their expectations.
Clinical trials using the technology are currently under way.
Closer scrutiny reveals a sunnier picture in other respects too.
Closer to home, the last Labour government fought a war on poverty using various benefits.
Clouds of teal barrel southwards.
Clubbing together and campaigning for reform can also help.
Co-operation between the two countries continues in important areas.
Co-operation on security is probably closer than it has ever been.
Co-ordinating American and Chinese efforts in the Gulf of Aden has certainly done no harm to ties.
Co-ordinating the effort is a remarkably well-oiled bureaucracy.
Coal power costs just 2-3 cents per kWh.
Coalition talks with the Labour Party and others got under way.
Coca-Cola and Marriott have chief blogging officers.
Collaborating with the IMF, it is meant to ferret out macroeconomic and financial risks.
Collective ownership is a feature of several user owned schemes in North America.
Collectors who buy most of their art on the secondary market are different beasts.
College fees have for decades risen faster than Americans' ability to pay them.
College life is an enviable set up given the job market at the moment.
Collisions with history have become old hat around Crawford.
Colombia made no public response to all this.
Colonies operate through organised co-operation and task-sharing.
Colorado has quadrupled wind energy production since the governor came in.
Colour is applied at the same time, allowing multicoloured objects to be created.
Colton Bryant is a cowboy with a heart.
Coltrane was something of a late and hesitant starter.
Combating climate change should be the EU's second priority.
Comedies repeat better than dramas and much better than reality television.
Comedies, which rarely feature stunts and explosions, can be cheaper to make than dramas.
Comfortingly, profitability is rising even faster than share prices.
Coming from German diplomats, this amounts to welcome realism.
Coming from almost anyone else such talk would sound preposterous.
Commercial property woes have hurt not just investors but also banks.
Communication links to and from satellites are open to interference.
Communist Party conservatives abhor the idea of condoning explicit sex.
Compact cars will allow people to keep driving but cause less damage to the environment.
Companies also use monitoring software to protect employees from themselves.
Companies are allowing people to phase their retirement.
Companies are pulling out expatriate staff.
Companies are simply not using their balance sheets effectively.
Companies have approached globalisation in two distinct ways.
Companies have been hiring temps to answer the phones and do the filing for as long as anyone can remember.
Companies in Europe and America are selling bonds at a furious pace.
Companies in the rich world are confronted with a rapidly ageing workforce.
Companies including Google and Microsoft have their Indian headquarters there.
Companies might hesitate before sacking an IT adviser.
Companies project giant logos onto the sides of skyscrapers.
Companies that handle users' data are largely expected to police themselves.
Companies that recycle the valuable parts of bankrupt companies aredoing well, too.
Companies were buying far more of their own shares than anyone else did.
Companies worry that this could lead to sudden interruptions to trade.
Companies, after all, need healthy employees and consumers.
Company bosses donated 40 tons of cement.
As it is, these laws are not merely convoluted, but have often been found unconstitutional.
As junior dealers fall, suppliers drop down to fill the gap.
As other forms of gambling became legal, betting on racing fell.
As so often when thrown on the defensive, Mr Chávez went on the attack.
As soon as he could escape, he took to the road, doing various menial jobs.
They were, after all, disproportionately responsible for voting the government into power.
This bland phrase amounts to a revolution.
This created uproar among Democrats.
This dispensed with the need for a second-round run-off.
Unlike the internet, newspapers and television tilt towards the old.
Until recently insurers were seen as the plodders of the financial system.
Which is more dangerous, an elephant or a minivan?
It is difficult to imagine such sentiments coming from Mr Sarkozy.
Banks will seek to conserve capital, not find ways to run it down.
Barack Obama has ignited a fiery debate about class
Biennial sessions used to be the rule in America.
Both are painfully costly.
A bigger political question is to whom the police should answer.
A carbon tax has many more general advantages as a fiscal tool, too.
A collapsible shipping container would be useful for several reasons.
A decade and a half later, they have managed to project their feelings on to the whole country.
A full blown rail strike would be much worse.
A glut of supply will also weigh on prices, thanks to a wave of repossessions.
But evidently the government's enthusiasm for genuine competition goes only so far.
But he was stumped by the gloomy profundities of Loch Ness.
But in many cases, that strategy backfired.
But in practice few apply.
But the yen's softness this year is a puzzle.
But these projections simultaneously scenarios are "internally inconsistent".
But two things are almost certainly in TV's future.
But voters, not being stupid, are not so sure.
But when it comes to the way Japan treats its nouveau riche neighbour, China, different rules apply.
CAP reformers used to dream of simply slashing the farm budget.
Called a “word cloud”, this method is popular across the web.
Carrying through on promises is proving far harder than making them.
Casino Lisboa is small, tightly packed, loud and smoky.
Caste politicians are not alone in arguing that this makes a nonsense of the system.
After all, they own a disproportionately large share of the equity and property markets.
As the proposals pile up, so does the estimated cost to the banks.
Away from the spotlight, though, another industry is facing its own crisis of confidence in laissez-faire liberalism.
By January 19th more than 11,000 American troops, marines and sailors had arrived in Haiti.
Its conventional weapons have proved insufficient to the task.This has shaken economists’ faith in monetary policy.
Many are concerned by the increase in the number of fakes on the market, the best of which are made in Japan as well as China.
He contends that a strong hand and development in the villages—rather than liberalising markets—is the way forward.
Countries as huge and complicated as China can underachieve or collapse under their own contradictions.
Their emergence brought undreamed-of prosperity; but also carnage on a scale hitherto unimaginable.
It holds that someone hiring someone else to do a job for them has an “intangible right of honest services”.
But in the more centrist region around Orlando and Tampa, those positions are suspect.
Global currencies emerge sporadically—the dollar in the first half of the 20th century, the euro over the past decade.
Hence the howls of anguish from human-rights activists who once thought Mr Obama was their man.
On referendum day in the town of Swords near Dublin, early-morning commuters offered reasons for their vote.
3Com replaced its boss earlier this year following lacklustre performance.
The law makes it illegal to deprive the employer of such service fraudulently, without making it clear what would constitute dishonest service.
Many of the problems eating criminal justice in America stem from a wholesale transfer of power to the legislative branch.
China’s economy relies too much on investment and too little on consumer spending.
Funds that had performed well in the previous three quarters attracted significantly more money.
They drove the visitors to a police station where an officer declared that Juyuan was under “special controls”.
The UAW’s trust will have 17.5% and the bondholders 10%.
In Beijing the city’s biggest snowfall in more than 50 years this week pushed up vegetable prices.
but a planned offering to raise a further $138m, scheduled for this month, has been delayed.
A few weeks ago Israel’s chief rabbis went to Nablus to rededicate the shrine.
A foreign-ministry official says mercenaries from the badlands of Tajikistan and Afghanistan were hired.
A formerly unused external area between the two buildings comprising this wing has been glassed over.
A formerly unused external area between the two buildings comprising this wing has been glassed over.
A further 0.2% could come from other measures, such as a mooted levy on banks.
A further four fell into what is known as the autistic spectrum, evincing signs of autism short of the full-blown syndrome.
A generation of digital activists had hoped that the web would connect groups separated in the real world.
A harsher world economic climate, from which Europe is by no means immune, is not going to help.
A judge in Washington dismissed manslaughter charges against five security guards who worked for the private security firm Blackwater in Iraq.
A jump in foreign orders for German capital goods in September is a sign that export demand is returning.
A key question is whether the drop is due to reemployment or departures from the labour force.
A lack of strong leadership underlies that.Mr Singh’s power is limited.
A lack of vaccines for seasonal flu guarantees that many unprotected people will die of the otherwise mundane version of influenza.
A lead of just two would mean that Gordon Brown’s incumbent Labour party, rather than the Conservatives, would emerge as the biggest single party.
A less tractable problem is that the evidence about what works is weak.
A local escort is often considered essential.
A long mourning period, perhaps six months or more, will allow a pause in the political dogfight.
A loss of power lasting just a few days, reckon some, starts to cause a cascade of economic damage.
A loss of, say, a third of that amount would not be life-threatening.
A loss there, which looks possible, could cause panic in Berlin.
A lot of researchers are working on making them cheaper and faster to charge, of course.
A majority of teenage boys and girls say it is not sexual violence to force sex on someone you know or who has accepted a drink from you.
A malfunctioning version of the protein encoded by this gene contributes, as its name suggests, to schizophrenia.
A man had his mobile phone stolen but managed to lay a hand on the thief  just long enough for the crowd to close in.
A man he met on the Greyhound bus gave him a room until he found his feet.
A measure of the challenge is that, in many ways, Kyrgyzstan is little different from its Central Asian neighbours.
A monopoly would be unhealthy, a multiplicity inefficient (since netting would be harder).
A more complete version is expected in the coming weeks, although the Obama administration has asked for delays.
A more flexible yuan might give the central bank more freedom to raise rates and curb property prices.
A more recent example of such success, just recognised by most EU countries, is Kosovo.
A more robust stance on military planning is meant to reassure allies.
A more subtle problem lies in the mixed messages that companies send about loyalty and commitment.
A more vigorous antitrust regime will create winners as well as losers.
A more worrying type of Islamisation is the authorities’ reluctance to stamp out violence by the Islamic Defenders’ Front, or FPI.
A murky Strategic Planning Office that sat atop the Samsung family of companies and allocated resources was disbanded.
A national addiction survey, due to be published this month, will show whether these policies have begun to slow the incoming tide.
A neutered opposition would deal his reforms the death blow.
A new media law (like the bank levy, produced hastily and with no consultation) was particularly alarming.
A new security structure could have been built to include a democratic Russia, but never was.
A new study by Freedom House tries to answer this question.
A newly done-up main road linking Jenin to Nablus, the northern West Bank’s biggest town, opened this month.
A niche, which can be helpful in getting a product off the ground, can soon become a straitjacket.
A novel approach plays with the peaks and troughs of the light waves to do the job more effectively.
A number of economists believe China has reached a turning-point in its development, having exhausted its supply of surplus labour.
A package of constitutional amendments that will further weaken the generals will be put to a referendum on September 12th.
A pair of robots usually carries the surgical instruments, while a third relays images through an endoscope.
A pathologist can then peel through layers of virtual skin and muscle with the click of a computer mouse.
A picture of her mother, in charge until her death last year, is on the wall.A crate of fish was just delivered to the adjacent dock.
A pioneer of shareholder activism in Britain, Prudential has been given a taste of its own medicine.
A plan to give control of Cobo to a regional authority stirred the old fight between city and suburbs.
A plurality (44%) thought that America was doing “about the right amount” to deal with the conflict.
A poll published on February 28th showed the Tories ahead by just two points.
A popular struggle would have to be about civil rights and national interests too, not just Islam.
A powerful few, armed with megaphones, provide a descant over the chorus.
A prenuptial agreement that disregards any of these three considerations is likely to count for less, or even nothing.
A programme by the American plastics industry that resulted in a decrease in the number of pellets in the water is still insufficient to explain the data.
A proposal to abolish tax breaks on mortgages for the better off is politically brave.
A put option is to a CDO what a horse-drawn carriage is to a Ferrari.
A quick look at the numbers confirms that modern fears are overblown.
A quiet word from the White House to influence matters at state level is hardly new.
A reasonable carbon price would mean that gas plants would be switched on more often to replace coal.
A recent Pew poll showed that public opinion about Mr Obama is sharply divided along party lines.
A recent interview with William Hague, the shadow foreign secretary, on “Newsnight” was excruciating.
A recent policy to let companies delay loan repayments for up to three years relieves the pressure on them to perform.
A recovery of sorts will get under way in spring 2010, but over the calendar year national output will slip a further 0.2%.
A red-coloured protest movement allied to Mr Thaksin failed in April to force out Mr Abhisit.
Despite the united front at the G20 bash, multilateralism remains a hard sell when the time comes to stump up.
Despite their overwhelming electoral defeat, it remains very unlikely that the Kirchners will do a quick 180-degree turn-about.
Despite these concerns, the potential of the geoweb is not lost on investors.
Despite these price controls, both formal and informal, Argentina suffers from high inflation.
Despite this the accord has already achieved a couple of the aims its framers intended.
Despite this, there is a broad consensus about the need for reform in Myanmar.
Detecting the primary waves from an earthquake is like seeing the flash of lightning before hearing the thunder and getting drenched by the rain.
Detention centres for irregular immigrants in Greece are small and understaffed, and there are too few of them.
Deutsche Bahn has a stronger balance-sheet and a bigger home market.
Devaluation might help exports but would also make it harder for households to pay back their foreign loans.
Developing countries have some options to help them manage the fallout from natural disasters.
Developing countries, it was assumed, were simply too immature to take control of their finances.
Differences between legislation in the Senate and the House need to be thrashed out before the president gets a bill to sign.
Digital metadata make things more complicated and simpler at the same time.
Digitised and interpreted by an algorithm, this information is fed to police computers all over the world.
Diplomatic offices and residences are exempt from the ban since they count as sovereign territory.
Diplomats and politicians, including Tony Blair, were glad of his advice.
Direct contact of molten lava with water or ice also leads to explosions which eject fine dust.
Discouraging transactions was frowned upon, especially at firms trying to push their way up capital-markets league tables.
Disillusioned tech folks are beginning to succumb to "cloud fatigue".
Dismal poll ratings were what persuaded Labor power brokers to sack Kevin Rudd as party leader and install Ms Gillard.
Disney’s share price jumped by 4. 2% on the day Mr. Poitier was appointed.
Displaying information can make a difference by enabling people to understand complex matters and find creative solutions.
Distinctions between the Taliban in the north-west and older jihadi groups in Punjab have broken down.
Distrust of GDP has led many China-watchers to track alternative monthly measures of growth.
Doctors and nurses in rural hospitals are being intimidated, so many victims cannot get treatment.
Does that mean that other members of the yuan block have also stood still?
Dogfights between Turkish and Greek fighter jets have escalated in recent months.
Dogs are a popular dish in many parts of China, not least among ethnic Koreans in the north-east.
Domestic premiums are stabilising, after plummeting during the turmoil.
Don’t respond with table-thumping anger, argues the International Crisis Group, a think-tank.
Doomsters conclude, therefore, that these economies could be hit even harder this time.
Dr Barrasso, an orthopaedic surgeon by training, calls this the "second-opinion" strategy.
Dr Dehaene calls this the visual word form area.
Dr Fang got hold of a copy of Dr Xiao’s application and made several allegations in New Threads, in newspapers and on television.
Dr Fauve's model of the Earth's core was a cylindrical tank some 50cm long filled with liquid sodium.
Dr Greenland’s discovery, then, brings practical quantum calculation closer.
Dr Herr plans to add regenerative capabilities to his prosthetic devices, such as the Power Foot One.
Dr Herr’s interest in the biomechanics of walking stems from his own personal experience.
Dr Kanas has found that astronauts sometimes worry about their kin more than about their own plight.
Dr Lindzen agrees that for parts of the atmosphere without clouds this is probably about right.
Dr Lindzen and a colleague suggested a plausible mechanism in 2001.
Dr Maguire and her team have now turned their attention to how cabbies learn the Knowledge.
Dr McMahon also established that stored blood does indeed lose its ability to dilate blood vessels.
Dr Nuland, then but a student, was asked to keep an eye on him while he recuperated.
Dr Stamler thus wondered if a lack of nitric oxide was causing the problems associated with transfusions.
Dr Grey, who is an independent researcher working in Cambridge, England, is a man who provokes strong opinions.
Draftees cannot be deployed abroad.
Drinking-water supplies for hundreds of thousands of people nearby were suspended for several days while the authorities tried to scoop up the gloop.
Drones also enable a government to avoid the political risk of putting combat boots on foreign soil.
Dual training is the reason that we’re the world export champion, says Mrs Schavan, the education minister.
During Cowperthwaite’s tenure, more than half of physicians born in Hong Kong had been educated overseas.
During good times banks are not forced to hold too much capital.
During much of the first and second world wars, for example, no winner was named.
During operations, they remain almost totally reliant on NATO troops.
During the cold war space was largely thought of as part of the rarefied but terrifying domain of nuclear warfare.
During the final throes of the ghetto uprising 50,000-60,000 Jews were deported to the camps.
During the process of reconciling the output of the Senate’s Health and Finance Committees, he overruled the wishes of the latter.
During the recently-ended civil war, Nepal's Himalayan tourism industry collapsed.
During the subprime-lending boom mortgages were offered to borrowers with lower FICO scores than in the past.
During the summer of 2007 an average of 22 tonnes of ordnance was dropped on Helmand every month.
During the ten years to 2001, net exports contributed nothing to Japan’s GDP growth.
During this period, drivers with any blood-alcohol concentration above 0.02% will also be penalised.
Even where borrowers are on the hook, lenders often find it too costly to pursue unpaid debts.
Even where they are not, ISPs are working quietly with the record industry to similar ends.
Even without his "treason", the outlook for Mr Chen looks grim.
Even working with its grain may do no more than buy a few extra years of healthy living.
Eventually they were let go.But plenty of others have to wait even longer.
Eventually, Mr Epstein predicts, studios will release films almost concurrently in all formats.
Eventually, however, the price will weaken: it is even possible that the recent slide to below $1,200 marks the turn.
Eventually, this could lift the CDU's poll numbers and put conservatives into a better mood.
Every business writer wants to produce a rival to "The World is Flat" or "The Long Tail".
Every day YouTube fans upload 65,000 videos and watch 100m.
Every year, 25% of American men and 43% of American women attempt it.
Everyone from the president to the commonest crook and blogger is getting in on the act.
Everyone thinks households and offices, which account for half of energy consumption, should conserve more.
Evidence from past deep recessions suggests that unemployment is unlikely to fall as quickly as it has risen.
Evidence from the National Audit Office, Parliament's spending watchdog, makes this abundantly clear.
Examples of such "expansionary fiscal contractions" are much harder to replicate now.
Exams require rote learning, and children are not encouraged to question received wisdom.
Except that Mr Fossett very rarely did things just for pleasure.
Except that, as a person with first-hand experience of Mr Obama's decision-making points out, the "atmospherics really do matter".
Excited by the current, the mercury atoms emit ultraviolet light, which bombards the phosphor coating on the inside of the tube.
Expenditure taxes are not always well designed, however, particularly in federal countries.
Explanatory labels take the form of open books.A child's version of each features amusing rhymes and graphics referring to the painting.
Exports from Britain generated by international law firms are now three times higher than they were in 1995.
Extracting them from that rock is tricky and risks damaging them, particularly if they are all legs, like a spider.
FEARS that the recovery of America's economy after the financial crisis would fail to spur an increase in employment are being realised.
FEW men who find themselves cast as heroes early in life continue to command universal esteem till the end.
FEW people recognised the white-haired protester, but everyone knew her story.
FOR a country that prides itself on its "peaceful rise", it was an odd way to celebrate a birthday.
FOR close to three decades America and Iran have had little to say to each other officially except by megaphone.
FOR the past nine months, gold has been trading consistently over $1,000 an ounce.
FORTY years ago the Boeing 747 first entered service on a Pan Am flight between New York and London.
FRANCE'S opposition Socialist Party should be building up for its best crack at the French presidency in over a decade.
Facebook, explains Mr Tehrani, is a more efficient way to reach people.
Faced with having to spend rather a lot to keep snacking from a wide variety of news sources, they protested.
Faced with the "blooming, buzzing confusion" of the real world, policymakers often fall back on the highest-order principles and the broadest presumptions.
Faced with these deals, Amazon has reportedly agreed similar terms with several big publishers.
Failing that, Europe could set itself more modest goals.
False reports that Mr Potter earned $800,000 in 2008 tended to distract from his cause.
Families can take home monthly bags of extra food and second-hand clothes, too.
Families like Ray and Rodney's are becoming boringly normal.
Far from being an invading army, the red shirts looked more like liberators.
Far from it: the demonstration of loyalty had made him all the more attractive.
Farmers everywhere adopted his seeds enthusiastically, saving millions of lives.
Farmers grumble about the high fuel and fertiliser prices that are helping to make the province rich.
Farmers work close enough to the river to see you waving.They do not wave back.
Fast-growing social networks such as Facebook are after a much bigger chunk of online ad dollars.
Faster growth is needed to bring it down.
Fear of repression also deterred mass action, all general strikes in the past few years have flopped.
Fearing congressional opposition, Saudi Arabia had in recent years sought weaponry from other sources.
Fears about the government's crumbling fortunes unleashed unhappiness among Mr Rudd's colleagues over his management style.
Federal tax revenues are just 9% of GDP, public spending on infrastructure is declining.
Feed the user with aggressive thoughts and you risk making him aggressive.
Fees for day pupils range between 5,000 and 80,000 rand a year.
Fertility clinics remove the seminal protection from human sperm in order to rid it of diseases.
Few Iranians would ever again deign to volunteer for the empty pageantry of voting.
A regional version of GEONET Cast is already operating in North America, Europe and Africa.
A rise in late confirmations accompanied the spike in trading last summer, suggesting that the plumbing still lacks scalability (see chart).
A rise in the tax last May was intended to temper the animal spirits that were turning brokers like Shenyin & Wanguo into heaving gambling dens.
A rookie policeman or newly trained teacher makes less than half that.
A salmonella scare in 2006 led to a widespread product recall in Britain.
A second WTO case, against illegal Chinese export subsidies, may also be filed next year.
A sense of fin de règne was confirmed last weekend on the football pitch.
A separate, unloved multiparty process, which the separatists boycotted, produced some sensible ideas for pleasing Kashmiris.
A series of labour disputes in recent weeks has shut down numerous Japanese factories and disrupted production.
A sharper tightening of policy would see infrastructure spending slow and could bring to an early end the recovery in housing investment.
A similar lack of crossover exists between politics and the violence that has never been completely eradicated.
A similar proportion of all the patents filed in America are filed by foreigners.
A slew of programmes on state-owned television had raked over longstanding allegations of the mayor’s corruption and mismanagement.
A small fraction eventually opt for divorce.But most choose to slog unhappily on with their sham and desolate unions.
A strong euro amplifies the lack of export competitiveness in Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal.
A strong supporter of the peace process throughout, America has particularly emphasised the importance of new policing arrangements.
A study by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences highlighted the growing sex imbalance in China.
A study by the French Banking Federation concluded that the long-term level of GDP would be 6% lower in the euro area.
A study published this week in Nature bears out that trend in a spectacular way.
A survey in 2007 found a third of plantation employees live in poverty.
A survey of fund managers by Merrill Lynch, an investment bank, found 82% expected volatility to rise this year.
A swollen financial sector was not the only reason why the capital seemed likely to take a battering in the downturn.
A system of marketing orders has helped determine prices since the 1930s.
A taste for cheerleading has been reinforced by the rise of a multi-million-dollar management-theory industry.
A telephone-monitoring programme, with voice-recognition, will verify that health-care workers really are making home visits.
A temporary boost will come as companies stop the fierce destocking that exacerbated the recession.
A text message confirming the policy is then sent to the farmer’s handset.
A third hypothesis is that they are caused by the collapse of massive but invisible relics from the beginning of the universe.
A trader’s intent is hard to pin down, however.
A trait is sexually selected if it evolved specifically to enhance mating success.
A treatise on prisons became a meditation on the new world order.
A trivial one is to argue that because water vapour is such a powerful greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide is unimportant.
A united Palestine would have but one prime minister; divided, it has two.
A visit to Taiji gives you a slightly different perspective.
Even his enemies are impressed by his spirited response.
A weak culture of consumer borrowing means that people have been forced to rely even more on their savings—or those of their parents.
A well-heeled group of fans, dubbed the Red Knights, want to put their money where their scarves are and bid for the club.
A white paper is due in the spring and legislation is planned by the summer.
A world recovery may also prove fragile if it prompts big commodity price rises.
A year ago many economists were fretting about unemployment and deflation.
A year later, in 1944, his Spitfire had been shot down over Italy.
A “bet the company” case, in which price is no object, will probably still be billed by the hour.
ABC, a network owned by Disney, has added four new sitcoms to its Wednesday evening prime-time schedule.
ABC’s new crop of comedies are what Variety, a trade magazine, calls “laughers”.
ACCORDING to legend, Willie Sutton robbed banks “because that is where the money is”.
AFTER oil hit its recent record of $135 a barrel, consumers and politicians started to lash out in every direction.
AFTER three years in school, seven-year-old Dan could barely scrawl his name.
AGGRESSIVE foreign shareholders have attacked several French firms in recent years.
ALL football fans—all sports fans, come to that—are obsessed with numbers.
ALL men are created equal, or so reckoned Thomas Jefferson as he drafted America’s Declaration of Independence in 1776.
ALMOST as long as it has had people, Hong Kong has had booths selling squawking live chickens.
AMERICANS are used to thinking of their job market as lithe and supple.Employment snaps back quickly after recessions.
ANY day now a federal court in California is expected to decide whether the state’s ban on gay marriages is in keeping with America’s constitution.
ANZ is building a bigger presence in Asia, having been ambivalent towards the region for years.
APPLE is renowned for the control it exercises over every element of its business, from design to marketing.
ARE consumers in India and China too poor to afford high-quality Western goods?
AS FAR as Hans Holzer was concerned, his Uncle Henry had started it.
AS INVESTMENT banks toppled in the autumn of 2008, panic swept the corporate-bond market.
AS THE other candidates battled frostbite and each other in Iowa, two men were conspicuously absent.
ASEAN has also been busy signing free-trade pacts with regional powerhouses such as China and India.
ASK Finns about their national character and chances are the word sisu will come up.
AT EIGHT o’clock on Saturday morning, sirens sounded and tears of relief—and champagne—flowed at the San José gold and copper mine in northern Chile.
AT THE confluence of the White Nile and the Blue Nile in Khartoum lies Africa's largest commercial construction site.
Few countries can match the wealth Egypt is best known for: its spectacular antiquities.
Few dare disobey, anyone who thinks of it is threatened by fellow Serbs.
Few economists really believe all its assumptions, but few would rather start anywhere else.
Few if any serious attempts have been made to restore state ownership.
Few leading Ukrainian politicians publicly rebutted Mr Medvedev's insult to Mr Yushchenko.
Few rich-world businesses can feel confident about expanding capacity when the outlook for consumer spending is so cloudy.
Fidel, Cuba's former president, gave a rare interview to a Mexican newspaper.
Fifteen soldiers have died so far this month, more have now lost their lives in Afghanistan than in Iraq.
Figures published on January 21st showed that real GDP grew by 10.7% year on year in the fourth quarter.
Figures released on September 25th showed that the inventory of unsold American homes is at its highest level since 1989.
Finally, even as GM's North American business shows signs of life, not all is well elsewhere.
Fingers are integral to art, communication, touch, love, fashion and counting.
Finite supply remains the main drawback of this sort of transplant surgery.
Firms are today allowed to pick the safest patients and reject the sickest.
Firms in America and Europe built up record reserves during the crisis, out of fear.
Firms in America have been saving, too, even if they have not been quite as thrifty as British ones.
Firms locating in London can tap into a huge specialist financial workforce drawn from both domestic and foreign sources.
Firms may also choose to cannibalise their own products by producing marginally improved products.
Firms used a short-time working scheme and flexible hours to keep hold of workers when demand was weak.
Firms were content to take on temporary workers, often immigrants, because they knew they could easily lay them off again.
Firms' capacity-utilisation rate, which measures the usage of existing equipment, is low.
First, it directly measures the impact of a manager's decisions: did his buying and selling add value to the portfolio, or subtract from it?
First, it uses two counter-rotating rotors that spin around the same axis, one positioned above the other.
First, military budgets were cut after many Latin American nations turned their back on military rule in the 1980s.
First, that there was not one mass extinction at the end of the Permian, but several.
First, the Democrats failed to meet the president's deadline for getting health bills out of both the House and the Senate by August.
First, timing: when should fiscal and monetary tightening begin?
Fiscal consolidation should be more nuanced and supply-side reforms should be given greater prominence.
Fishing is a niche business these days, accounting for less than 1% of Scotland's GDP.
Fixing both the balance and the budget process will be the biggest task of the next governor.
Flouting its hallowed doctrine of "non-interference", it has nudged them into slightly less hostile stances towards the West.
Food in America travels farther, increasing the risk it will rot in transit.
For 2010, however, Texas Republicans have an ace in the hole: Texas Democrats.
For 30 years the consensus has been that Britain has more to gain than to lose from its open embrace of globalisation.
For Britain, which prides itself on having invented the tank, buying off the shelf from abroad may seem galling.
For China's banks the deal is a test case of whether "treading softly" overseas will work.
For Latvia, the counterpart is the Riga peace treaty signed on August 11th of that year.
For a drugs firm renewal is even more pressing, given the abrupt nature of patents' expiration.
For a jazzman, he kicked drugs and drink pretty early and afterwards led a remarkably suburban life.
For a start, of those 31m, some 21m only made it as far as Hong Kong and Macau.
For a start, the British online-advertising market is "exploding", said Mr Schmidt.
For a start, this decade has so far seen a dismal performance by the stockmarket, which plays a crucial role in creating and maintaining wealth.
For a wealth manager, it depends on how big a portfolio you can give him to manage.
For about a third of the world's population, the fall of the wall is probably history, not real life.
For all his bravado, Mr Chavez is clearly discomfited by all this.
For at least the past 10,000 years, man has been contributing to this process by hacking and burning forests to make way for agriculture.
For bold investors, such a gap is ample insurance against the risk that Greece may not able to pay back all it has promised.
For bulk carriers alone, the backlog is equivalent to more than two-thirds of existing capacity.
For decades, attempts to draw a direct line between genes and mental illnesses have disappointed their authors.
For example, he never liked the way his neighbours in Korea stuck their noses into each other's business.
For him the netsuke, so small and captivating, were not enough as a mere signpost to a family history.
For him, the schools, churches and holy fields of Beit Sahour are still a place of wonder.
For in this and many other ways, the development of genomics means there will soon be no hiding place.
For instance, Sweden's watchdog called in May for looser fiscal policy to support the economy.
For instance, low bond yields and the dollar's refusal to plunge are partly due to the way these countries have been piling up foreign reserves.
For lack of any official pronouncements, rumours swirl about his succession.
For less sanguine investors, the idea of going cap in hand to China smacked of desperation.
For many Afghans, the politics of Kabul is a distant matter.
For many insurers, the risk remains too unpredictable and the number of people who can afford insurance too small.
For millions of Arabs, living conditions have improved rather than deteriorated over recent decades.
For most Republicans, on the other hand, supporting the Jewish state remains, literally, an article of faith.
For most journeys, the limitations of battery capacity are irrelevant.
For much of the past decade, Spain's economy has been growing at around twice the EU average.
For much of the presidential campaign, the debate on health reform seemed to hinge on cost versus coverage.
For now, South Korea is keen that Mr Bosworth should not meet North Korean diplomats or travel to Pyongyang.
For now, and despite the international condemnation, that land, air and naval blockade remains in place.
For obvious political reasons, the Democrats cannot simply cut off the funds that keep American soldiers properly supplied and equipped in the field.
For older Greenlanders, at least, it is a disappointing moment.
For ordinary Chechens, the first war was one of liberation, not separation.
For ordinary North Koreans, the loss of aid from the South may be a disaster.
For practical purposes, policymakers will always care more about their own national poverty lines than the bank's global standard.
For some, it was more effective spending of foreign aid money.
For some luxury firms, the recession's effects have already been brutal.
For some that beats waiting two months for the full amount.
For southerners looking forward to independence, the thought of losing any oil is upsetting.
For sure, Syria's dogged refusal to kowtow has been costly.
For the SNP came to power promising a big set of giveaways.
For the early labour-intensive phase of America's economic development, local banks were dominant.
For the first time in American history, there are more female than male college graduates among this age group.
For the first time in a global recession, emerging markets were free to loosen fiscal policy.
For the first time in decades output per hour fell, reducing the input of labour by the equivalent of 1million people.
For the first time in decades, he says, the private sector employs more people and invests more in the economy than the government does.
For the leading OFCs, success comes with its own headaches.
For the moment this is compensated for by higher trading volumes, but a credit crunch might put an end to those.
For the moment, investors and credit-rating agencies are giving Britain the benefit of the doubt.
For the vast majority of schools, however, states and districts would be left alone to meet their targets.
For their part, researchers hope the budget will not fall like Newton's apple did.
For their part, the Bronx Romanies view the old continent with mixed sympathy and disdain.
For those with self-reported symptoms, there was a noticeable difference 83 days before the peak in self-reported symptoms.
For years, the clinic played only a minor role in the area.
For-profit colleges have happily depended on government support. Now education may increasingly come to depend on for-profit colleges.
Foreign aid to farming also halved in real terms over the same period.
Foreign banks will be able to buy or borrow yuan from mainland lenders to finance such trade.
Foreign debt is a much bigger headache, as the example of Iceland, a small country which assumed the foreign-currency debts of its banks, shows.
Foreign diplomats fear that the clampdown will harm the fight against corruption.
Foreign direct investment in the country has grown, even as it has shrunk worldwide.
Foreign policy has been moving in a more multilateral direction for some time, certainly since the 2004 election.
Foreign policy, he insisted, "is decided in Berlin", and he vowed to defend Germany's interests.
Foreign-exchange intervention to hold down their currencies causes domestic liquidity to swell.
Foreigners counselled the Baltic states to play it slow and soft.
Forest conservationists, schooled in failure, rattle off a list of possible reasons.
Forests provide myriad other benefits, especially in hydrology and by hosting millions of species.
Forgiving some of this debt makes it less likely that they will throw away the keys.
Fortunately for those that missed out on the latest handouts, there are other sources of cash.
Fortunately, Vuitton has since rapidly established a strong position in what it hopes will become another Japan: China.
Four former employees have filed lawsuits against him alleging sexual harassment. Three of the suits have been settled and one is still pending.
Four orders have been placed with European yards this year, compared with one in 2009.
Four years ago he planted a hectare of potatoes at McCain Foods' urging and under its guidance.
France has not touched the legal retirement age since the early 1980s, when it was cut to 60 years.
Freedom House bends over backwards to give the authorities the benefit of the doubt.
Freelance divers, seeking salvage rather than knowledge, despoil them.
From a Chinese point of view, that is potentially provocative, but also perhaps quite satisfying.
From nuclear top to black-market bottom, the state is one giant protection racket.
Fully 62% of America's general public now have a favourable opinion of France, up from 29% in May 2003.
Further tests will take the dredge over the regulatory hurdles toward commercial use.
Further tightening measures are likely in the coming months, as the economy continues to recover.
Furthermore, the Chinese auction market suffers particularly badly from a large numbers of fakes and forgeries.
GDF immediately appealed, but the appeals court upheld the ruling.
GE, a member of the group, wants its executives to use their "ecomagination".
GM pointed to its "recently improved financial strength" as a factor in proceeding with an internal solution.
GM reckons the platform needs only 25 kilowatt-hours of energy to cover 100 miles of city driving.
GM suggests that these measures would save about $7 billion a year.
GUILDFORD is a prosperous town in London's commuter belt and an unlikely setting for a seminar on crime.
Gains in shipping lines' and shipbuilders' reported revenues and profits are still impressive, and the world economy continues to expand.
Gay and lesbian bars, clubs, support groups and websites abound.
Geely intends to allow Volvo to operate with a high degree of autonomy, but cultural clashes are almost certain.
General Fonseka is yet to reveal which party he will join or, indeed, whether he will contest at all.
General Motors went bust with debts of $172 billion, America's biggest-ever industrial failure.
Generous benefits for both rich and poor are in similar need of trimming, Mr Beveridge maintained.
Generously, the Dutch will pay off 70% of the federation's $3.3 billion debt.
Genuine Blairites have quit Parliament in droves, the centre has shiftedleftward.
George and Laura Bush have been part-time locals since 1999, when they bought their ranch.
German unification was not inevitable: outsiders, the new East German leadership and many West Germans wanted something else.
Germans are Europe's most dedicated patients, visiting their doctors an average of 18 times a year.
Germany now defends its national interests more frankly, especially in Europe.
Germany wants to ratify Lisbon before Ireland's second referendum on October 2nd.
Germany wastes human capital like unmetered water.
Germany's largest firms have successfully sold bonds in recent months.
Germany's saving glut allowed others to spend freely and to run up large debts.
Girls are married off in their teens and boys put to work at an early age rather than study.
Given all this, BASF has for some time been pressing hard to reduce its dependence on commodity chemicals.
Given the highly secretive nature of Chinese politics, little is yet known of how successful he has been.
Given the political implications of such austerity, the temptation will be to default by stealth, by letting their currencies depreciate.
Glaze is mostly translucent, but da Vinci would also slip in small amounts of pigments, such as manganese and lead oxides.
Globalisation does not mean the end of nation states, though it does restrict their freedom of action.
Google's innovation was to count the number of inbound links from other web pages.
Google's "data liberation" initiative mentioned earlier in this report points in that direction.
Goonhilly's gigantic satellite telescopes are hard to miss, and low-flying fighters often interrupt otherwise quiet strolls through the country.
Government hospitals and clinics, starved of funding, had turned to raising money by prescribing ever more expensive treatment and diagnostic procedures.
Government incentives to support new car sales by offering cash for old ones have tempted buyers into showrooms.
Government officials also say it receives training and support from Colombia's FARC guerrillas.
Government will swell, freedom will recede and the great American tradition of self-reliance will wither a little.
Governments may need to harness the tax and benefit system to compensate some workers who lose from globalisation.
Governments, households and companies in all these countries are less indebted than those in many developed countries.
Graphical interfaces became common in the 1990s, but there has been very little progress since.
Graphite, which is black in bulk, consists of layers of carbon atoms arranged in a hexagonal grid.
Great Basin Bank, the 25th American bank to fail this year, was undone by heavy losses on commercial property.
Great salesmen are born knowing this. Executives whose strategies are not delivering need to learn it.
Greece desperately needs 20 billion euros in the next two months to roll over expiring debt.
Greece is likely to need five years to get its deficit down below 3% of GDP.
Green activism, which hardly existed in China a decade ago, is spurring the development of a civil society.
Grim-faced and impatient of critics, Mr Kagame weathered the storm.
Growth is slowing, and most of the benefits of the recent boom have accrued to the wealthiest.
Growth is substantially lower than it is during "normal" recoveries as households and firms reduce their debt burdens.
HAD things turned out differently, Santoso might have been in jail or in exile by now.
HALF way through a flight from Mumbai to London, a male passenger complained of a swollen right hand and an inability to bend his fingers.
HAMID KARZAIis no longer the only leader in Afghanistan prone to extraordinary outbursts.
HOUSING markets continue to strengthen, as The Economist's latest survey of global house prices shows.
HP not only launched a succession of world-changing products, such as the pocket calculator.
He said no, quite politely, and in turn invited her to come to Russia at a time of her choosing.
He says he was just “lucky”, like one of Napoleon's generals.
He selected others, such as Jacques Attali, Jack Lang and Michel Rocard, to serve on grand commissions.
He set up a corporate blog and a website that lets customers make suggestions on how Dell can improve its products.
He sides with Israel as wholeheartedly as he sides with America.
He smothers himself with sunscreen when he ventures out into moderate sunlight.
He spoke at some length about the merits of internet freedom and of how the internet could change China's “status quo”.
He still needs to do a better job at reaching out to the newly registered voters who voted for Mr Obama.
He subjected these corporate titans to often coruscating questions about their ability to “compete for the future”.
He thinks the delay in the introduction of flood-resistant GM rice, for example, has condemned many in the poor world to starvation.
He told MPs on January 23rd that Britain's economic stability was acknowledged around the world.
He transplanted four kinds of human cancer into four groups of mice and treated some of each group with nevirapine or a similar drug.
He wants to lose the reputation he acquired in previous years for irresponsibility in both foreign and economic policy.
He wants to succeed in Afghanistan but senses the limits of what America can achieve there.
He wants voluntary groups and private companies to help reduce reoffending by assisting former prisoners in finding homes and jobs.
He was a leading member of Indus Entrepreneurs, a self-help group for Indian entrepreneurs.
He was also a Jew.
He was motivated in part by a desire to raise money for the rest of his ailing business empire.
He was not religious, and was no metaphysician; but he wanted and expected men to evolve until they became like gods.
He was particularly pleased that, on his watch, the country's tear-gas factories all closed down.
He was popular with ordinary Germans, but did not inspire them as some earlier presidents had done.
He went on the House floor only to see if there was talent in attendance, and if there was he would send up an invitation.
He wooed her ardently, they were soon married and she quickly bore him two daughters.
He would fight but he would fight the good war in Afghanistan.
