Chen Mingchuan is an example to Chen family.
I'm going to ask Lv Hao.
Xiao Ling is glad to meet you.
Li Qingyu is a student.
Wang Lili is always the best.
Xiao Huang was pregnant.
I think of  Li Ying as an assistant.
Wang Xin is not a good man.
Did Wang Chunyang go to the dinosaur museum?
Li Qiang is very powerful.
Luo Daluo, may you be happy.
I want to hear the story of Li Jinshi.
My name is Gong Jingbin. I love music. My dream is to be a singer.
Wang Chenming is my son.
Is Li Sheng in Sri Lanka?
Mike is tired so he is sleeping on the sofa.
Come on, Nana. What are you doing?
I have something to deal with in Zhou Xiuming's house.
My name is Li Hua. I am writing to you to learn about the holiday of Chinese students.
Li Wenyang is reading a book.
Zhou Jiali is a bad guy.
Even Beethoven's father didn't believe he could become the greatest musician in the world.
The same is true of Edison. His teacher thought Edison appeared too dull.
My classmates all like Li Ming's PE class very much.
Liu Zhihong's scenes were deleted by the director.
I can speak English as soon as the Comrade Paopao comes.
Xing Hai, your baby is Bing Yuzhen.
Tan Xiaoman, I think you're stupid.
Wei Yafang, you are beautiful.
Hello everyone, my name is Xu Gan. I have a lot of good friends.
Maria often plays football.
Wang Wanrong is a man.
I can recite this article by Sun Quan.
This is for Huang Haitao.
Wang Xiaolei in our class often make up missed lessons for others.
Is Zhang Peng heavier or thinner now?
Can Zhu Yong speak English?
You have a lot of  Harry Potter books.
Li Zhong, do you think I am an English translator?
The Analects records Confucius's words and deeds.
Chongming, you seem unhappy.
Marie wants to know where the registration card is.
My name is Luo Hongjun.
Lisa works in a clothing store.
Zhang Jiaming, you are so arrogant. Does your mother know it?
Li Xinwei likes animals, so she goes to the zoo to do voluntary work.
Who is suitable to be Ye Jialei's boyfriend?
My classmates Li Hangwei and Hu Yajie are participating in the voluntary activities.
Please allow Xu Wei to press the button at the bottom.
I have a lovely brother named Deng Zhenggang.
Zhao Wentao is a rebellious child.
Haiyan, do you love Zheng Xueqiang?
Yang Jian freaks out.
Zheng Hui, why do you go?
Kate usually does her homework at home in the evening.
Zhang Ying is a good boy.
Dong Zhiwen is the overlord of the world.
I will go to the White House to play mah jong with Obama.
My name is Pan Qiuwei. I come from Kaili, Guizhou province. Please take care of me.
What homework did Miss.Xue assign?
Zhang Zhenyi, your ex girlfriend found us.
Did Xiao Fan go to sleep?
Is Liu Kaina good recently?
Jia Yunsong is the most handsome man in the world.
Wang Yifan, are you going to Beijing for the summer holiday?
Mr.Zhang had a drink while watching it.
Lin Lin, it is time for meal.
Zhao Xiaoxia parked his car on one side.
Two heads are better than one.
Li Bin resembles his father.
Tan Jing, are you crazy?
Can Yang Zaixun speak French?
Yong Bing, you are my lover.
I won't cry for Wang Xin, because my mascara is too expensive.
Xu Xiangrong, give me the word list. I forgot to bring it.
I went out with Wang Ling.
Dong Shasha is better than me.
What should Ma Gan do if the teacher asks?
Did they go fishing with Sara yesterday?
Did Cai Li give you the circuit diagram?
I am Yang Fan, a pupil in class 2, grade 2 from Jia XiaoZhuang elementary school
I will beat whoever bullied Miss Qi.
We adore him because of his knowledge.
We communicate with Liu Kun in English.
Does Tian Jie know your phone number?
Liqin, I will treat you well.
He Chenyan yesterday bought a present for her mother.
Lu Mingyao, you speak too slowly.
Do you have the same diet as Li Tang?
Jay is my idol.
Lian Yingnan, who do you talk to?
Xiao Gang sang song for patients in hospital.
Xin Bo's grandpa is very interested in the history books.
I can take a look at Song yan.
Li Xinge's parents are heroes.
I know you love Duan Kangjia.
Mr. Li will remind us about the English exam.
Wang Gang, where's my wife?
Xiao Wei, please marry me.
I really really like Quan Zhilong.
Please tell me about Liu Yan.
Zhao Enrui has smelly feet.
He wants to know where Sun Haijing lives.
Yang Zirong, why did you lie to me?
Chen Li has infused a lot of fun to my life.
I sent the picture to Wang Jianshuai.
Wei Hua, what's the matter with you?!
Zhang Di had a video chat with me.
Luo Li is here.
Happy birthday to Li Wenrong!
Guo Ming spends 15 minutes reading English every day.
Today, Xiao Yuan's father is standing on the balcony.
Why does he look like Ma Tianyu?
You can ask Liao or Lu Shijia or Tan Qiwen.
Liu Dabo has three hundred white rabbits and black rabbits.
My niece's name is Ma Ruohan.
Because you are Wangcai.
Yang Hai, you're too presumptuous.
Where would Wang Pengchong like to go?
Sally is dancing in the park.
Did Zhou Yu go to your house?
Ning Guo, can you speak English?
Shaojie's dog looks good.
Did Rachel finish class?
I will make my mom go to Chen Ling's place to see it.
I want Wei Xin's bag.
Li Mingli is our college classmate.
Die Xin wants me to look for you with Xu Zheng.
Zhou Yun, don't be so worried.
Long Guotian follows you.
Zhou Qing hasn't finished this problem yet.
Xing Haoxiang, I'm talking to you in English now.
I told Liu Lida to be quickly.
You can follow the example of Wu Zhenyu.
David likes his school life very much.
Miss Yang may be selling fruit!
Zhou Yongxin is very cunning.
Chen Xiao reached the gate.
Yang Feng is a good girl. You can make friends with her.
Who likes Zhao Liying?
Zhang Xinyi's hair is long and straight.
Liu Jianing, where are you?
Liu Yun was a coward.
Xi Manfei didn't speak in a proper way.
Lang Ya, you didn't take me to the meeting.
Zhang Hui is coming back.
Huang Xingyan, why did I miss you suddenly?
Liu Tengjun, come on. I want to talk to you.
Huang Yu's mother went to the neighbor's house to borrow two eggs for making make.
Chen Zixiang, don't play computer.
I saw Mr. Han Wen handing out the fruit.
Liu Weinan is my favourite person in the world.
I'll call on Mr. Wang this afternoon.
Xiao Ziao, don't be arrogant.
Translate this name Zhang Yingchun in portuguese.
Is Chen Wenhua a handsome boy?
Li Xiao is working on a math problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, everyone. Zhang Jie's concert is held today.
I was speechless when I saw Gao Zixin's bangs.
How can I find Li Jiansheng?
Is this your shirt, Luo Siting?
Wang Chao is still going to learn the violin.
Are you in the same class with Zhang Dong?
Mao Zedong is a great leader.
Zhang Li turns up.
Now Mr. Luo introduce Ya Xin to the class.
Chen Can, are you playing with your cell phone?
I'm busy examining Lu Qikang's mouth.
Robin repaired a broken table.
Zheng Hanyang doesn't have much time to do homework.
Xu Qiu was arrested.
Ma Xinyang is the stupidest man in the world.
Zhang Yu is very ugly.
Liu Zhixiang is a boy who can sing and dance.
Don't sleep, Gao Jufeng.
Li Ping's home is about 5 kilometers from school.
Song Junxuan, let's go to bed.
My name is Zhang Liao. What's your name?
Li Mei wants to look after her sick mother at home.
Song Qiaoyu, you have a lot of shortcoimgs.
I went to chat with Kong Er.
I didn't teach Yin Xiaofang how to open it.
I beat Leilei.
Zhi Yingying is very pretty today.
Jiang Xihua, your mother told you to go home for dinner.
Tian Ci, how can we play happily?
How do you know Wang Xiaokang?
Meng Qingping, what are you talking about?
His name is Zhen Feng.
Mr.Zhou, is that what you want?
Zhou Zhenyang doesn't study English.
Hasn't Liu Meiqi come home yet?
Mr. Han is a great teacher.
At the moment Luo Meng is checking his email.
How's Wang Feifei?
Are you still going to Xu Wenjing's house later?
Is Yu Yi your elder sister or your younger sister?
Hu Xiaofeng came here when we fell asleep.
Guo Guanghui said the people who send red envelope is the coolest man.
Tara brushes his teeth 3 times a day.
Wang Lu sits on the right side of the sofa.
I'm thinner than my good friend Liu Yin. 
I want to hear Zhang Ziwen's explanation.
Liu Zeliang washed the clothes just now.
Li Sheng, why did you do this?
Yang Tao is a good boy.
I still live a better life than Chang Songwen.
Li Tian took part in the running race.
Miss Ding Yuanyuan said the composition I wrote was very remarkable.
Miss Meng Yao, are you the best writer in Fengcheng?
Mom is going to cook lunch for Lingling today.
Who is Ding Hongli?
Han Wen,  thank you for what you said.
Wu Yuteng, why are you still not coming?
When we were jogging this morning, we saw Miss Luo jogging, too.
What does Mo Li think of this schoolbag?
Excuse me, where is Zhou Zengmin?
Li Na scolded those people for you.
What's Li Zhenli's English name?
He is our teacher, Mr. Liu.
It's exactly Tang Xinyue who named the new shop on Taobao.
Yang Guibin, where's your hometown?
Cai Ni contacted me today.
Luo Yunjie, how come it's you again?
Wang Hai went to college at the age of eighteen.
Tell you guys secretly that Yang Yang is a chubby girl.
Wang Zulong, I'm going to kiss you.
Skin care service is available at Mr. Wu Ziping's.
Zhang Zhixiang concerns himself with state affairs so much.
Liu Yanjie gets along well with the children.
Li Yanxia is a bad person.
Wu Deshan doesn't go to Taizhou.
Zhou Qingsong, do you on earth want me to get the car arranged for you?
Wang Yong doesn't think so all the time.
Is Jenny listening to the music?
This is the room Mr. Lu Xun once lived in when he was alive.
I don't think Shi Dong understands Korean.
Please call me Mr. Zhang.
Liu either plays chess or plays soccer.
Wang Lun is a very nice person.
Liu Yang feels nervous about the exam to be held at the end of this month.
Meng Feng says he has already been there for three days.
Cai Pengfei, you are so brave.
Pan Zeng made a hasty decision.
I chatted with Huang Huiyuan just now.
You are just a psycho, Li Haisheng.
Yang Jian, where did you go?
Miss Hu, so now let's give the weather report together.
What's Sun Lei's favorite fruit?
Mr. Fang thinks we should help each other.
I'm Tan Xin. I like the Rainbow City.
Tell Mei Sha that I do love her.
A Qing, where are you working now? Are you still in Wuxi?
Liao Weifeng is a great man.
Zhao Wen sits on the fence.
But Shi Lixiang never says thank you.
You like Li Wei, don't you?
Qiao En wishes you forever young.
You are a big lier, Dong Yumeng.
I need to meet President Huang.
Fangfang saw it.
Lu Xi likes to eat dessert.
Qingqing, have you eaten?
Shang Feiyan is a fool.
Ma Feng, do you have an umbrella?
Sun Yang is a loser.
I think it's Li Minhao who plays this role, too.
Ge Tian lies in the bed miserably.
Liu, bring me a couple of apples when you come back to school.
Zhao Jianjun, be quick to give me the money for the driving license tests.
Yang Siqi lives with his parents in a tall building.
Lao She was one of the greatest writers in the twentieth century.
Ni Ke, can you take a message for me?
Li ping is on the left side of Li Yang.
Zhao Yang is our drummer.
Thank you very much for your guidance, Mr. Wen.
Li Jiaze can't be the administrator.
I have nothing to say about Li Jing.
Chen Shaofeng is a jerk.
Li Ting, the Xiaomi cell phone you gave me doesn't work well.
Zhang Lisa always gets frightened when he goes across this river.
Wang Jiatian, come out quickly to chat with me.
I know a girl whose name is Su Xiaoxiao, twenty-three years old, and comes from Sichuan.
Da Ming is going over his lessons.
How does Li Li usually go to work?
Yang Hui is so disobedient.
Wang Qingying is such a good person.
The avatars Liu Yujuan and I use are the sister avatars.
It's so late. Guo Yin is still flirting with girls outside.
Zhong Jiaxin is the cutest.
I'm Ding Yu. What' s the problem?
Tao Tang  goes to school by boat every day.
Hu Mengxi is a new student in our class.
Luo Gang's car is very expensive. I can't afford a car like that.
Miss Zhang Rui is always very busy.
Ma is a very fat guy.
Zhao Mengshi, are you sure I am flaunting?
Zhao Hong, you really make people angry.
If you want to know who I am, please send these words to Ye Jiaying.
Why does Zhu Liya like to read?
Because there is a person called Wu Hong in our class.
Liu Rong, have you eaten? What are you doing?
Then you can marry Yang Heli as your wife.
Feng Jie, don't talk nonsense.
Miss Huang, your mother wants to talk to you.
We will throw a birthday party for Wu Yingju.
Li Man, come out to get the red envelope.
Xu Erxia died.
Wang Hui, I want to know how you go to your hometown.
Miss Luo, what are you going to send?
Zhu Juan gains great satisfation from her work.
He Linlan believes that this will help him get his future job.
Cao Cao is a skunk.
Hello, I'm Zheng Xunfei's parent.
Your son is the same, too, as well as Zhang Haojie.
Zhang Zheng is my English teacher.
Zi Han, you are so beautiful.
Yang Luo knocked on the door and went in.
Xu Zhuang won't spread it around.
Wang Liuyan was warned not to make fun of other people.
Zhang Hengqing will visit the science museum next week.
I like the movies starring Chow Yunfat.
Liu Yunchuan downloaded iFlytek's imput method.
Juanjuan is playing soccer with her friends in the morning.
Where did you naughty kids take Zhang Jinghao?
Ma Ding is the president of the company.
Hu Jing is a good teacher. All the kids like her very much.
Huang Xiurong, how's your mother doing?
Wu Jiapeng is a boy.
Huang Yaping, we haven't seen each other for so many years and you are still so beautiful.
Chi Fenfen is my deskmate.
If you really don't know what it means, you can ask Li Jialing to take a look.
It takes Yang Lei about ten minutes to get to school.
Zhu Di used to go back home very late.
Zhu Xiang is really good at talking.
Wang Zhe is small mouse.
Lin Dawei gave a performance of Chinese Kungfu.
Zi Yue told Ye Lin about this.
Where is Fan Zhicheng?
Qi Zehan, aren't you ashamed? Be quiet.
Song Jinyang, are you silly?
How about Lin Zhaoyun? Doesn't he speak?
Do all of you know Bruce Lee?
Ai Junjie is the most obedient child in the world.
Han Jin, please tell me.
Xu Huikai, come to play wangzherongyao, will you?
Yang Zhibin has to drive a long way to get to the hospital.
I want to talk about the things between you and Tang Lipeng.
Zhou Shenghao says he likes Ouyang Jiaoli.
Li Yu, can you be a little quicker?
The goblet I sent to Xue Mei was broken just now.
Zhang Xiaojie is better than any other teacher.
Sun Shujie is a pervert.
Is President Lin going to buy it and bring it to us to have a taste?
Fan Yuehong surely won't understand it.
Cao Yuting, if you dance, I'll dance.
What's the English name of Wu Yifan?
Ye Luoli had a dream.
It was Pan Yingjun who deleted it.
Can I talk to Wang Hua?
Sun Yongshuang is a beauty.
Please don't call me comrada A Ping.
Li Haozhe, what's your brother's name?
Li Fulei is Cui Guodong's son.
Ruoxi is my favorite character.
My brother's name is Kong Kangbang.
Zhang Shuai, I'm your father.
Wang Xiangguo has a mental illness.
Bob looks like his father. Both of them are extroverted.
Bo Bo, if you don't believe it, we'll see.
Zhao Yexin hailed a taxi.
I'll love you for my entire life, Zhang Shaopeng.
Liu Xiang has to overcome many difficulties in his life and he is respected and beloved by every Chinese people.
Ya Yexin, I love you.
I'm the roommate of Chen Long.
Is Xu Jiaqi here?
My name is Li Sulan.
Huang Yuning, is this your bicycle?
Zheng Jinxian, what are you doing?
Fu Kanglin was selected to the national team.
Li Shunkui, you are so stupid.
Wang Limei misses me, too.
I'll lend Tom two hundred dollars.
He's Liu Yamei.
This is Wang Qianqian's QQ number.
No matter how close you are to Li Wenhua, you can't poke your nose into other's business.
This is the first time of Danny to take care of others.
My Chinese is even better than Ying Jie's.
Jia Guo wants to have a picnic with his parents in the park.
Jack is a policeman.
Chen Chun is a teacher in a poor mountain village.
Why is Lee se-dol, the Korean go player, so good?
Li Xiaohui is a psycho.
Lu Anqi is an idoit.
He Yuting is a beauty.
I want to beat Li Xi.
Chen Hanyi lost a red pencil case.
Hu Mengxin, are you at home?
Have you ever heard Qiu Yiping's songs?
Hu Lan went to wash his face.
Tina gets along very well with us in the music club.
Wang Di, can you come upstairs?
Liu Zhengjie, I'm your best friend.
Wang Bin is demanding.
Wu Chuchu is very good at study.
Does Cindy usually get up early on Sunday?
Do you want to know where Zhao Qian lives?
Which place did Wang Shuo get in the exam?
Liu Aoxi is a bad boy.
Li Ting, come out. I'm waiting for you.
Did Mr. Shen go abroad?
I can't play Liu Bang anyway.
Wang Xun, please say it again.
Wang Ting, hold on!
Li Haoran keeps a dog.
Wu Zhiying, I hate you.
I have a puppy called Huihui.
Send a text message to Peng Qingxiu quickly.
Wang Zhicheng should have a crush on you.
Lei Guanxi, that's okay.
Gao Yongmei has no wife, too.
Where's Xie Xiaomei's mother?
Mary goes to school by bike.
Li Tingting, are you still very good at study?
Wang Zai and his father are in the car.
I want to take a photo with Zhou Wu.
Xiaoyue can't go to school alone.
Sun Yat-sen is our founding father, and he is also a great man.
I'm talking to a freshman called Wang Qingwu.
We went to the hospital to see Mr. Huang.
Bingbing likes eating meat.
Miss Cui, what are you doing?
Nancy often practices painting in his spare time.
Wang Jianyu is very kind and warm-hearted.
Cheng Yibo was born on May 22, 2012.
I'd like to have dinner with you.
I also have a friend called Li Ke.
Wang Shuai, you're a crashing bore.
Zhang Qing is no longer a nurse.
The concert in Shanghai by Hua Chenyu in 2015 was amazing.
You should be Wu Yanzhen.
Yuan Chenggang keeps several cats.
Wang Xiaoxiao is more tired.
Tong Xinfeng, where are you?
Anna got up late this morning and was going to be late for school.
She likes Tu Su very much.
Meng Yining, you need to control your temper.
Xu Jiao, come to play with me.
Li Lei and Zhang Ming performed a farce last week.
Zhang Xinyi, just eat your pumpkin pie.
Song Tao is here.
Wang Jianxin, what do you want?
I heard that China had a star called Show Lo.
Enhui, please don't send Korean.
Miss Song will talk to you in person next Sunday.
Wang Yumei, send another red packet.
Wei Canchen will treat us to drinks.
Haoyu, I will go to America tomorrow. Will you miss me?
Pan Ning, I love you. Will you be my girlfriend?
Hu Yixiao likes playing basketball, and he plays some games in his spare time.
Anne is putting her hands on her head.
Tan Feiyan likes spicy food.
Wei Mingxi is very calculating.
Just tell me, Mr. Xie.
Zhang Yan will cook tomorrow morning.
Yang Lin showed us around his new house yesterday.
Zhao Yunting, I still love you. Do you remember me?
Yao Ming won the world championship. How awesome!
Hu Shilong is not a man.
Hello, everyone. I'm the spokesman for Cross Fire, Nicholas Tse.
I have a beautiful wife called Jiang Cuilian.
What's bothering you, Han Zheng?
Gong Yuzhuo, why are you here?
Liu Yanxin and you are deskmates.
Will Chen Xiao drive to work tomorrow?
Today, I went on an outing to the forest with Lin Min.
Mr. Jones and his wife are looking at the boats.
Wang Changhui, you are so smart.
You are so cool, Hairong.
Ren Jie works a translator, so you have to pay her.
John often goes hiking on weekends.
He Liyuan is a good kid.
His name is Ouyang Haiyu.
I love you, Liu Li.
Hu Jinzhong is the big boss.
Ma Jinjin is very beautiful.
Li Fang, is your head teacher Chen Chunli?
Li Jumei is very ugly.
If it's not Jack, it’s David.
How many times has Tony been to Germany?
Kelly's family will come by bus.
Lily took part in the singing competition in our school yesterday.
Xiaotian lives near the library.
Hello, everyone. My name is Song Xiaohuan. I come from Zhenxiong county, Zhaotong city.
We are in the same class with Chen Shu.
Liu Ming is a middle school student.
Zhang Ruixue is my sister.
Today is Yu Jiayi's birthday.
Xiaoming is shorter than Xiaohong.
Hello, this is Liu Yanzhi.
Stray Birds is Tagore's famous poetry collection.
Oren Fu, what grade are you in?
Li Jie stared at the boy from london in surprise.
Xiong Zijun, what do you want to wear today?
You like Lu Han.
Li Ziran is a star.
We are Li Yifeng's fans.
We have a handsome little boy called Li Zheng.
I'm looking for a kid called Zhou Lei.
Zhou Lilin, you don't even know me, right?
Yu Juan, I'm sitting in front of you.
Shao Wei just called me.
I saw Liu Zheng drinking water.
Li Guojuan, please call back as soon as possible.
Liu Fengcheng asked me to go to Nanjing today.
Chyi Chin doesn't speak English.
Guo Mingyi would rather be mistaken for a fool than give up helping others.
Which book did Phina translate?
It was sung by Zheng Kai and Tavia Yeung.
Hu Jingbiao is my son.
Wu Zuqin, please come over here.
Please give Li Xingrui the birthday cake.
Remember to ask Duke Zhou whether his daughter is pretty.
Zhang Hepeng rides a horse to school every day.
He is now a prisoner of Queen Elizabeth, and will soon be sent to the guillotine.
Zhang Tingting, send a red packet.
What do you think of Zhou Ranchen?
My name is Jing Zhuo. I am a girl.
We can do nothing to change the fact that Cai Rongyang likes Han Pei. It's true love between them.
What does Yanyan usually do after school?
Jia Xiaobo, please help me hand out these newspapers.
My name is Deng Haoning. I love china.
Mr. Jiusi, this is Miss Green.
Then sleep a little longer, Wang Fan.
Mr. Yang, please respect yourself.
Zhang Ru belongs to me. How can I leave her to you so easily?
His idol is Krystal Jung.
Mr. Wang talked with the teacher about his son for a long time.
Chen Yan, why don't you go to bed?
Wang Simo is my goddess.
Mrs. Zhao, do we need to go there today?
Mr. Lee, just tell me.
Zhou Tianxiang and Zhu Zhanbo are ill. Can we continue our class tomorrow?
I'm Li Jianfeng's cousin.
My name is Duan Junjie, a student from Xiangyin No.4 Middle School. I love playing basketball very much.
I'm Wang Lin. I come from China.
The teacher I miss most is Chen Jianglin.
Why is Ding Zhanmin always mischievous?
Han Hong's songs are nice.
Hello, my name is Xiaoxie. If you want to know more about me, please add my micro-blog.
Wu Yunwo and Xu Hualei watched The Revenant today.
I think Robinson is a very brave man.
Please send a text message to Zhang San.
Zhang Lei is not a good man.
Jiang Lei will go to Beijing.
I want to borrow a book from Li Lin.
Gao Qianying is blind.
Zhang Xinmeng, how do you read this?
Ye Fei, please come to me when you see the card.
Li Lei has no time.
Qi Yang is also playing.
Qian Yong, you lied to me.
I want to go to Zhang Le's house.
I like my defender, Wu Yehui.
Cao Xu, did you get on the bus?
I don't think I love you as Liu Xiangxiang does.
Xiaoli already gave the answer.
Call Xiaohui quickly.
Thanks, Wang Yuan.
I'm not Yang Ying.
Yang Yang wants to know if there are any interesting places in the city.
Li Shiwei, why do we kneel down to you?
Zuo Zhiqi's face is so scary.
Zhang Xuan and the monitor are a couple.
Hi, Zhao Xinyue. How old are you?
Wang Xinyi, you needn't think you are someone just because you can paint.
Xiang Jianhua, where are you?
I like Uncle Yuan Fang.
Shizhen is good at getting along with children.
Liu Tao's grandmother is checking the table.
Speak, Liu Zihan.
Xiaochao didn't send me the homework in winter vacation.
Song Zhiwen is a singer.
Andy Lau has slept, and you?
Qin Erming should see a doctor.
Qin Zhen is Yang Shouye's younger brother.
Wang Yanan is doing her translation work.
Churchill is a British Conservative politician.
Who is Xu Qiangkun going to call?
Tian Yun, where are you?
Li Jiaying, there's something wrong with your fridge.
Bai Shiyang doesn't like running in the morning.
Zhang Junjie is so beautiful. She is really a goddess.
Xu Mengxue, there's much more here.
Zhou Xiuqin, come over quickly.
Zhu Lin went to the People's Park to sweep the floor as a volunteer.
Li Mengnan, will you?
Sun Haiyan, didn't you go to Guangzhou?
The handsome guy in our class is Lin Baihan.
The book in your hand belongs to Lin Jingyao.
Aunt Tang does not exercise every day.
We can try to cheer Zhou Yajing up.
Luo Qin did not wear pants.
Is Yang Hui divorced?
What's wrong with Zhang Jinlong?
Hello, everyone, I am Chu Zhipeng, the most handsome man in the world.
Huang Jinkang, you are so nice.
Are you Ma Guoquan?
Han Wen, can you speak English?
I got help from Kangkang.
Li Chenxi, are you stupid?
Zhao Wenyan is very afraid.
Doesn't Jia Leilei care about you?
Don't talk to Li Guofang.
Qin Junfeng wears glasses.
Yang Jinjing, do you miss your mother?
She pretends to be taking pictures with the Monkey King.
Is Ling Liang cleaning her room?
Why should we envy Jin Biao?
Luo Kangru snores in sleep.
I see Lei Yanmin. Does it have anything to do with you?
Is it possible that you are Liu Yuntian?
Xiaomiao is highly educated.
Are you still there, Xiaoqi?
Wang Junkai is just such a person.
Lu Shiqiong's smile looks so evil.
Bethune managed to save the lives of many people.
My friend, Hu Junyong, lives in a mountain village.
Li Zongchun will come to my house in a while.
There is a total of forty floors in this building. Wang Sheng's office on the 12th.
Mr. Ye, you are such a big idiot. I am so sick of you.
Jiang Xiaomei is a beauty.
Liu Jinglan is a quiet girl.
Let Ruirui know how good you are at English.
I don't like you. I like a man named Li Yongsheng.
You need to return the book to Hu Xiongbiao.
You are not Liu Jiaxin, then who are you?
Did Lu Peihan eat strawberries?
Ma Sijie, do you want to watch a movie?
If Wang Chun doesn't come to school as usual, there must have been an accident.
Old Zhou, come when you are free.
Song Yi's handwriting is as good as his brother.
Liu Guoqing has long been disillusioned with the mortal world.
Huang Zhong, do not imitate me.
Zhu Fei is our manager.
He is not Mr. Meng Yining.
I like a person named Xiang Xuehai. Do you know her?
Haer can remain calm when there is a problem.
Wang Huan felt the piercing pain for the first time.
Yang Tao hasn't gone to bed. He is working. 
Ye Hua has seen you.
Cui Xiaoliang said Sun Guangli was his idol.
Fangfang, look at my app. Is it good?
Li Shasha, you do not know, do you?
Liu Yongjun is a loser.
He Qingqing is Japanese.
Li Hongxing's mother believes that doing housework can teach him how to take care of himself.
Zhang Cheng, could you tell me how many times I need to copy the homework?
I know you like Wang Zhengyang.
Zhang Yu got glasses too.
Zhu Jiawang is also very ugly.
Zhou Xiaoyan, does it have anything to do with you?
Zeng Weidong hasn't left yet.
Mr. Chen, do you have a good way?
Who is Lin Xinxin crying for now?
I think Aihong should go to hospital for an abortion.
Mao Lulu, where were you playing today? Was there any delicious food?
Ruifei, how are you now?
I accidentally sent this to Zhang Dongsheng.
Li Lin is very rude.
I just sent a message to tease that Huang Zhijie.
Should we bring Sun Nan here directly?
I want to find the contact, Hu Lanzi.
Thank Old Man Huang for his red envelope.
I do not believe Li Shanshan did this.
When will you come, Sun Xiaoyu?
Houyi likes Chang'e.
Li Ziyi, are you sick?
Wang Wenwen had a headache last night, so she did not sleep well.
Yang Peng, you are so adorable.
Do you know Zhu Dingfei?
Huang Hongyin is a reporter.
Let's welcome the host, Jiang Changjian.
Mr. Kang has brought a great impact to my life.
Go to Wang Jing's house to watch TV.
Dong Zhengkun is just stupid.
Liao Chaoyong, what did you buy?
Do you have longer legs than Lee Jong-suk?
Then you should put the gift to Zhang Jie away.
I would like to ask Sun Qihao this thing.
Zhou Xingxing can send voice messages.
Miss Xiaozhao, what are you doing in that elementary school?
Huang Xiaosheng, I am here waiting for you.
Chen cleans his house every day.
Yao Yu, this thing is really serious.
Little Junxi likes to eat beef noodles very much.
Lu Min is Chinese.
Unexpectedly, Wang Jiang doesn't understand.
Thank Yuan Yifan for his support.
Where does Zhang Lin have lunch?
Is Chaochao happy?
Xinting is very good at dancing.
You are Wang Yuqing's good friend, right?
Chen Wei is really awesome.
When will Wang Maolin go to the Forest Park to play?
Mr. Chen said that I was ruthless.
Don't think about it, Sun Tianyi.
Huang Zhipeng, I want you to hide you.
Zhang Lirong is a good wife.
Lu Zhongying loves to eat a lot of food.
Zhao Xin, I have instructions on it.
Zhao Meiqi, I do not want to hit you.
Li Liang, do you think it tastes delicious?
Liu Chenyan lives about two kilometers from the school.
Song Yuxuan, do not be mischievous.
I will not tell you my name is Zhang Xinlong.
Is Uncle Wang watching TV?
Hu Dongqun, just be cheap.
Jiahui lives here.
Why is Qiangyong always so unlucky? 
Five years later, will Jiang Lei's dream be realized?
Zhao Xin, I know you. You are my Chinese friend.
Zhou Xun, can I take a photo at the Grand Theater?
Zhang will contact you on the phone.
You can call me Mr. Chen.
Xiao Yue has a weak kidney.
Send clothes to Li Xingyu quickly.
I hate Jia Zhiqiang.
Mr. Qiu is so right.
Only you and Zhang Juan are here now.
Zhang Jinwei, why don't you get up yet?
Xinhua, can you help me do a few things?
Amu likes blue.
Wang Jun asks me to turn off the lights.
I just like to sing G.E.M.'s Like You.
Caiyun's parents are very strict with him.
Mr. Lin practices tai chi every day.
Gold teeth, what game are you playing?
Luke was able to read at the age of five.
I think Ge Sheng only likes money.
Does Sima Qin like reading?
I'm Zhao Jialiang's big brother.
When Li Lei was having breakfast, Jim answered the phone.
When did Zhang Chao go?
Yang Jiayu has a dog.
Ho Chi Minh has booked a plane ticket.
Yang Jing wants to know how far he lives from his grandparents.
The dialogue between Elizabeth and William impressed me.
Don't ask Wang Yuhao. It would be whistling jigs to a milestone.
Sister Xu, I want to marry you.
We find Pengfei a girlfriend.
I'll ask Jackie Chan to pick you up.
Pan Jing is really shameless.
Lifen does not want to get up early tomorrow morning.
Do you know who Zhao Li is?
Li Fang spends almost two hours every day learning English.
Li Xinmei sent photos.
Feng Kang is crazy about English.
Tang Jie is going crazy.
Bubu, you do not have to explain.
Li Hui wants to comb his hair.
Ask Kevin for your book.
And I have always liked Stephen Chow.
Huang Xianghong, when will you go to get the duck neck?
Li Lin is a 15-year-old British boy.
Huang Yuchen wants to go to the United States to study.
Mr. Yin is reading a book in the library.
Liqing wants to have lunch.
Tian Hao opens a fitness club in our city.
We will just confront Wang Zhenghao tomorrow.
David decides to participate in the selection of the basketball team.
Ding Haiping doesn't have enough food.
Wang Haixia, you need to change your life.
Li Guirong, should the two of us leave?
Let 's invite Grace to our party.
Liu Yu always goes to learn to dance by foot.
Comrade Wei Xiaohang, answer if you hear me.
Dandan, can you give me Zhang Zhilin's QQ?
Mr. Gao, I wish you a speedy recovery.
Do you know Mr. Zhou is in this group?
Liu Min, call him.
They cook and eat with Grandfather Li.
Liu Jia is not playing computer games.
Li Xiang, send me the movie address.
Even if you are Yang Shuyu, so what? 
Wentao likes computer class the best, because he likes to play computer.
Chen Zhijun is my little brother.
I want to hit Huang Tao.
Tell them I am Fan Dongmei.
Zhu Juan, we have to be good from now on.
Xiaofeng, why do you change your avatar frequently?
Chang Guiyang, what do you want?
Liu Yang, did you give a red envelope?
Xu Jinkun is not an administrator.
Which school did Li Yuehua teach as a volunteer last summer?
Liang Jianxing likes to play games.
Ryan and Leilei have driven back.
Where do Chen Yating usually celebrate birthday?
Xiaojin, you should be low-key.
I'm sorry, Miss Lu, I can not read this sentence.
These are Hu Qinghao's suggestions.
He was admitted to the national team.
Is Mr. Ren giving a lesson now?
Liu Tingzhen looks like her mother very much.
Tang Jing often tells stories to sick children.
How does Zhang Jingyi get to the railway station?
Wei Meng, you are so beautiful.
How come Zhao Chunjun is such a snob?
Let's pass on the spirit of Lei Feng!
Sun Ziyao, how can you talk to your Grandpa like that?
Binbin is a young woman.
Zhang Hengrui, my mom won't let me play.
I live in an apartment that Mr. Zou rented.
First, the person who helped me the most was Chen Li.
Feng Xuejian, it looks like that we have the same interest.
Yuan Xiaomeng, I want to be with you forever.
Wang Danying knows me.
Zhang Hai, you're so handsome. You are the first handsome boy in China.
Qiu Hua, you have to call dad.
After the accident, Bi Yun gave up his dream.
Zhu Litian drives a car to school.
Chen Li, is it you who made my bed recently?
I wish Nicky Wu and Liu Shishi a happy wedding.
I married Zheng Hao.
Hua Hua, I think you are very modest.
My name is Zhao Jiaying and I've told you my name hundreds of times.
Shang Li, I'm so sleepy.
Are you Zhang Xin? Why do you not talk?
Was Zhou Yanzhi the last one to go?
Li Yifeng, you are my constant belief.
Liu Min, your English is not as good as mine.
Wang Ximei is not a good person.
Zhu Mei, for evey delicious meal you've cooked, you never invite me to have it with you.
I was walking along the street when I met Li Yujie.
I'm in a sad plight now. Wang Changxue even doesn't talk to me.
Zhang Xindan is a very nice person.
Yang Rong is a beautiful girl.
Kong Jiayi is very talented.
Wang Rong seems to be very relaxed.
I called Xu Yuefang this morning and told her the good news.
Liu Fei often plays football in his spare time.
I was angry because I saw him with Zhang Na.
Yang Hao is not by my side.
Mr. Ning, what are we going to do today?
Why do you like Qin Zhiwei?
Where are you going on the weekend, Amy?
Bye-bye, Feng Jianing.
Li Junli is a disobedient child.
Last Sunday I went to Deng Xiaoping's former residence with my friends.
Think of a way to tide Jin Qiuxiang over.
We're going to see Qi Baishi's art exhibition.
It turned out that he really met Edison Chan.
Miss Zhao, I'm accustomed to using a pen.
Wang Jian's handwriting is the best in our class.
Wang Yufei is such a clever boy that we all like him.
Bai Lijie is going to play the piano tonight.
Li Pei, don't forget you promised to marry me.
Allen doesn't give up and he still insists on climbing.
Zhang Junyi is really a naughty kid.
Ma Xiaomei said she would never be late again.
It's just like what Huang Biya said.
I do not know if Xiu Qin still needs employees.
What are you doing, Zhou Qin?
Han Caie, would you like to come over for dinner?
Dong Dong didn't mean this.
But Qi Qi is as helpful as me.
Chao Zhuojie is a mean kid.
Why are you still chatting with Gao Weijie?
I wonder what Lao Hei is busy with now.
Li Lin just came down from the tree.
Peng Qingxiu is a good mother.
On Monday, Yu Xiaobo said he would use a cart.
Ma Xinping is lying on the grass.
Dong Shasha forgot to sweep the floor.
Please help me search Ye Lingyan.
Isn't Zhou Zhenhong your class teacher?
San Mao saw you playing cards yesterday afternoon.
Yang Lin showed us around his new house yesterday.
I am a boy who looks like Daniel Wu.
Yang Zhen, you are nothing more than rubbish.
Zhang Yumo is a little genius.
Liu Wei is a bad guy.
Peng Xingye, please help me send out these newspapers.
Wang Qianqian and Wang Xiangxiang, send red envelopes quickly.
My favorite teacher is our math teacher, Miss Zhu.
Do you know Huang Kehan?
You just know Song Joong Ki.
Xiong Chaozhong is a Chinese boxing champion of Miao nationality.
Zhang Xing, do we have classes this Sunday afternoon?
Luo Jiahui went to Shanghai to attract investment the day before yesterday, so this is a good opportunity.
I didn't expect Zhang Shuang to sing with you.
Now I recommend Liu Jia as the monitor.
Huang Hongling has big eyes.
Wang Binwei, do I speak English have anything to do with you?
He's taller than me and Zhang Zixuan.
Ma Rui works at the radio and television station.
Ren Wanxu is my classmate.
Zhang Zhengyang likes you.
Lao Mu's business is tricking people and he never does housework, making him very annoying.
Chun Hui is very shy, worrying that he could not get along well with his new classmates.
Ask Yang Wenjie to help me get my delivery.
Li Yang said he was going to treat us to dinner.
Wen Ying, are you off today?
Wang Xue, have you had dinner yet?
I didn't know you liked Zhang Shaoxiang.
Zhang Han, I'll stand behind you forever.
Aunt, my dad is talking with Zhang Li on the phone now.
Mr. Wu walks toward us, holding a camera.
Liu Rongfu gave me a ticket for the concert on Saturday.
Song Qiying really doesn't want to go to sleep.
My good friend Dan Min and I are of the same age.
Yan Xiaona will to go to visit scenic spots with her family on the weekend.
Miss Xu should be spechless.
Li Min can't wait to see the superstar.
Miss Bai, have you won any prize in a lottery?
Lan Xinting, you really piss me off.
Is Zhang Yujie in your home?
Yang Yang can't be too handsome.
Zhang Yuyan, you're so bad.
Wang Jun finished all the courses at 5:00 p.m..
In fact, Jing Jing is only in close touch with me.
Every day, Susan will practice playing the piano until 11 in the evening.
Wang Bingzhi is putting on his clothes.
Yang Peixun, sit down there.
Is Gu Jiahao is your Mr. Mcdreamy?
Han Xiaofen, when are you going to pay me back?
Zhang Jun is that arrogant, but is it your business?
I'm helping Russell.
Xiao Chen, mind your words.
Yang Cuixia, don't you know me?
We will go to Chaozhong Hospital that locates at the west gate to find Mr. Liao.
Zhao Yuwei wants to play basketball for two hours.
Mr. Xiao, are you in work now?
Feng Wei often watches morning news on TV.
Dr. Lee is as busy as usual.
Let Wang Xuan carry you on his back.
Liu Jingjie is the tallest student in her class.
Don't ask Wang Yuhang anymore.
I can't figure out when her chat with Yang Shangkun was recorded.
Li Jinfeng's answer is very simple.
You're such a psycho, Peng Zimeng.
Ronnie is a very clever writer.
I don't drive as carefully as Zhao Ying.
Miss Li Xiaoyi, I'm sorry.
Then you can come back for him, Mr. Wang.
I am Zhu Zixuan and my English is very good. Don't envy me.
Lu Xiaofeng, please forgive me.
Which season do you like best, Miss Zhou Jiating?
Xiao Hu won the first place in exams several times in a row.
Xiao Xiao is old enough to go to primary school.
Yong Rui, could you help me take out the garbage? 
Zheng Chunhui is washing her hair.
How about dining with Cai Yu?
Well done, Zhao Zhishuo. Come on.
I'll call you as soon as Wang He arrives.
Zhang Mingda, what are you doing?
Xiao Ming and Xiao Liang are fighting for a security guard.
When will Mr. Jia go to Luohe City?
Xu Jiefeng, when will you come to Hefei?
Li Meng and his sister are listening to music.
Zhou Zixuan has a low IQ.
The astronaut Wang Yaping is giving a class.
Li Yue is very generous.
Wang Juan, I don't think it's proper for you to do so, is it?
Li Xin is cleaning up.
Xiao Xue, before you go to Korea, you must change your money into WON.
What time is your radio show, Li Yuan?
Wei Lihua was very glad that his father bought him a teddy bear.
You can think of a good method to help Ming Ming.
Li Fang usually walks to school.
Shen Zihao, I apologized to you.
Wang Bo, have you got home?
Yang Lan wants to know if it is of good quality.
Wang Jiaojiao, didn't you go to bed?
Wang Fang fell over and hurt herself when she was on vacation last summer.
Zeng Guangpeng is my apprentice.
Yang Zhe looks like his father in many ways.
Bo Yu can not only use chopsticks with his left hand, but also writes with his right hand.
Wang Binwen is good at flying kites.
Jiang Shuang will send a red envelop.
How will Wang Lei go to Shanghai?
Huang Yuchen is preparing for it.
Liu Zihao wants to find his mother.
Wang Min often helps people repair bicycles.
Thanks to Zhu Dishi, I finished the work in time.
Chen Ziyue noticed that he ate it in class.
I am your tour guide, Li Jinlan.
Wang Xinbo, stop skating and come here quickly.
Wang Zhuang has many girlfriends.
Wang Dao shaved off his beard.
Ding Jinxin is my best bestie.
Yang Zheng, you're not a handsome guy.
I have a new English teacher, Mr. He.
He told me that she had seen Li Hua many times.
We can still hear Yu Shuai screaming.
Xiao Ting, your mom is really ruthless.
Shao Jie is a good student.
Zong Zewen is dealing with this case.
Has Li Chen been here yet?
Li Er, why do you come to the train station?