This is a private but mostly government funded organization.
We're ruining both institutions.
Temples are institutions of trust.
Shanghai's regulators are still testing the waters.
The organization is to be called Bloomberg Associates.
Mr.Nam did not reveal the sources of his agency’s intelligence.
The administration can tell us all they want.
IHS Jane’s an authoritative weapons research publication based in London.
These tournaments are run by international football’s governing.
Almost everything about the agency’s operations is hidden.
The intelligence agency gave us an unexpected briefing.
The secret powers become tremendously dangerous.
Various emergency coordination operations had been set up.
The agency has reduced inspections of imported food.
The agency may have brought back some staffers.
The agency will conduct physical inspection of food.
The agency reported 62 such killings that year. 
The agency’s ability to get information out is limited.
The agency is limited in what it can do.
Europe's regulators who police state subsidies could dispute that figure.
She did not, however, try to constrain lenders unilaterally. 
Mr.Obama told reporters at Martha's Table,a Washington-area food bank.
Shadow broker is linked to Russian spy agencies.
Jack plans to leave the lot to charity.
It may be a charity, probably kids and dogs.
We can turn to some international authorities.
We are not a charity, we're a business.
Many temp agencies will offer computer-based trainings.
Finally he was elected to a position on the staff.
The hospitals named are all top public institutions.
Aleksandr A.Savelyev is a representative of the Russian fishing agency.
Thein Sein's leverage over the legislature is seen as limited.
Many fighting alongside affiliates of Al Qaeda.
The princess was a director of her husband’s institute.
Mr.Gulen’s followers deny accusations that his adherents control state institutions.
Let community groups and city agencies weigh in.
Regulators of countries are stirring.
I have great respect for the institution.
The other agencies feel they should be bigger players.
The organization helps regulate and administer exports.
The Ministry of Textiles is overseeing some inspections.
It shows how ineffective these monitoring organizations can be.
We will conduct vigilant oversight.
We’ve learned that monitoring alone isn’t enough.
It intensified international scrutiny on factory monitoring.
Arche Advisors, a monitoring group based in California.
She's overseeing the purchase of equipment and so forth.
Funeral service managers oversee the operations of a funeral home.
He is taking hate groups mainstream.
Ms.Yellen’s views have prevailed so far.
Mr.Mbeki questioned mainstream medical explanations of the cause of AIDS.
The authorities were still investigating Mrs Dogaru's claims.
Farms are not required to report it to the authorities.
The authorities removed some taxes on some products, like cars.
Mexican authorities were embarrassed by Mr.Guzman’s multiple escapes.
He apply to the American authorities for so-called humanitarian parole.
Any demonstrations will require approval in advance from the authorities.
The authorities will increase security in public places.
Panamanian authorities had requested permission to inspect the cargo.
He openly relished the idea of racing past the authorities.
The police showed up and asked what they were doing.
It is something the police are still trying to understand
It's an honorable job working for the NYPD.
Police officials sometimes solicit bribes to release detainees.
Police officers kept the victims' families from the public eye.
They were less likely to be arrested by the police.
He posed an imminent deadly threat to police officers.
The city government encouraged off-duty police officers to murder criminals.
The police hoped someone might provide information about the theft.
Officers were giving loud, clear verbal commands.
Vinson has been placed on administrative leave, the department said.
Riot police violently dispersed some protesters.
But we did not have national army or national police.
Airport police were called, tempers rose and then snapped.
The porter telephoned the police.
The police are looking into this case.
This is his high to beat the police.
There were village elders and police officers and local officials.
Arab dictators also play the police state.
But in Russia, the police benefit from arrests.
He was shooting down from above the people.
President Obama praised the victims of the shooting as patriots.
The rifles eventually filled armories throughout Eastern Europe and Asia.
That rifle remains the standard weapon of the Russian Army.
This is putting a gun to your head.
Gunshots continued to ring out well past dark.
He played Russian roulette with a single-shot pistol.
Mr.Jang was executed by a machine-gun firing squad.
A loud noise mistaken for gunfire led to rumors.
The suspect exited the vehicle with a handgun, threatening officers.
The bustling bazaar has clothes and food and gun shops.
I think someone is shooting far away.
She was the anchor when the shootings occurred.
They placed a gun across his chest for a photograph.
He had watched the shooting as it happened.
A drive-by shooting near the Suez Canal killed six soldiers.
The National Rifle Association did not respond to requests.
Every household has a gun.
My commitment to responsible gun owners is clear.
Mr.Obama talked about terrorist attack’s similarities with other mass shootings.
Mr.Obama said it showed the need for gun restrictions.
He was badly injured in a shootout in 2002.
In 2014, they traded machine gun and rifle fire.
You know Mr. Nathan shoots at every shadow he sees.
Will someone please shout me?
The robbers panicked and shot him.   　　　　
He was very famous for his marksmanship.
He was held up at gunpoint by three armed robbers.
Choose to stick with your guns,trust your instincts.
15 officers had gunshot wounds and 17 suffered other injuries.
Tens of millions of Kalashnikov rifles have been manufactured.
Masked gunmen recapturing the Iraqi cities of Falluja and Ramadi.
The police fired into the crowd with assault rifles.
The project set the pattern for Trump's New York career.
Trump did not have the capital for the project.
Trump said the decision was made on the merits.
Mr. Ryan championed converting Medicare into a voucher like program.
He is in charge of the Sumatran Orangutan Conservation Program.
They can also give me ideas about programs.
The program was started last year by the Rainbow Foundation.
He is one of the project's most enthusiastic supporters.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court authorized the once-secret program.
He had serious doubts about the efficacy of the program.
Leon distinguished the project from the 34-year-old case.
He had complained about civil surveillance program.
He congratulated the space program personnel on their success.
It’s a hugely expensive program that largely benefits the rich.
Chum Narin is the land and natural resources program head.
It is an ambitious, and controversial bid.
The project can be seen as emergency relief.
The project fits into Britain’s overall plan.
The project has taken about 18 months.
Hinkley Point project is located in Somerset.
He denounced the interrogation program during his confirmation hearing.
The officials who oversaw its construction have recently sounded jaded.
Domestic programs would fare particularly well.
Domestic programs would get $491.8 billion.
Cuban officials have repeatedly assailed the medical parole program.
You must be excited to be spearheading the project.
They attend a 12 week training program.
There were two basic forms of this sport. 
The project is pretty chaotic.
The photographer took the pictures for the project.
Memorize quiz questions, and items handed to you in class.
I hear there is on-the-job training program here?
I hadn't thought that the project might affect your family.
From sports to celebrations, Brazilians play hard.
Each book is marked with the Scattering Book project name.
Did you hear about the new project? 
A project proposal will take no more than 20 days.
The program was suspended as relations worsened.
We considered that my whole project here is on Toishan.
Rouhani countered that the program had strong popular domestic support.
His United Nations speech went through 50 drafts.
His own speech lasted 19 minutes.
The president’s speech carried no mention of such connections.
The lecture began to take effect.
That's a tall order for any speaker.
Is it painting, designing, building, speaking or writing? 
I could see that he was nervous about his speech.
He had to prepare a speech for graduation.
As he started his speech, he cleared his throat.
As a speaker, you ask rhetorical questions for persuasive effect.
A speaker notices a boring speech.
His speech capped a day of rapid-fire developments. 
Some presenters criticized Mr. Bloomberg's policies.
But they've also had strong economic ties with Thailand.
The financial default with potentially worldwide economic repercussions.
The country leaves behind the worst of the recession.
More Americans agree that immigrants can help the economy.
He is an economics professor at Duke University.
We should work together in maintaining regional resilience.
Growth in larger middle-income countries including Indonesia is also softening.
It long held back economic development.
Elfian Effendi is the executive director of Greenomics.
They consider vital to economic growth.
The plan injects much-needed money into the economy.
The economy has been doing well.
Such measures could include economic sanctions or even military action.
Edwin Truman is an economist and former Treasury Department official.
The United States was redoubling its economic.
The result has stifled its economic and political development.
The country has a teetering economy and widespread corruption.
He was White House chief economic adviser.
The move surprised economists and investors on Wall Street.
The government can mitigate the side-effects of the recession.
Instability means an economic loss of huge proportions.
It reaped the dividends of economic and diplomatic concessions.
People showed denunciations of luxury condominiums and trickle-down economics.
People from developed economies generally disagreed with the statement.
The economic situation is much worse from what we expected.
Mr.Rouhani has criticized Mr.Ahmadinejad’s economic policies.
The epidemic has already caused economic hardships for individual farmers.
Mr.Obama skipped last year’s Asia-Pacific economic summit meeting in Vladivostok.
Even so, inflation remains high while the economy remains sluggish.
We’ve gone beyond bad economic doctrine.
But the tougher fight was financial.
Their governors allowing those economies to profit from cheap energy.
China’s economic growth has produced the world’s second-biggest economy.
China's economy is its own beast.
It also helps world economic stability and development.
This has altered the economy of places like Mendocino County.
And as a result, stimulus policy could increase economic growth.
This has had a further damping effect on growth.
It encapsulates the state of modern economics.
It is clearly true in economic policy.
On the economic front, the impact could be double edged.
The economy remains depressed for most wage-earning families.
Emigrant remittances are a cornerstone of the local economy.
Ms.Warren is challenging the centrist economic approach of Democratic policy.
Ms.Warren’s Senate colleagues have yet to embrace her economic agenda.
We have to overcome the slow economy growth.
We don't have the same economic conditions as the others.
I’ve decided to major in math or anthropology or economics.
Defaulting could have a potentially devastating effect on the economy.
She would continue to focus on economic fairness.
They include a nuclear arsenal and economic development.
It throws Mr.Yanukovich an economic and political lifeline.
He devoted to achieving greater economic integration in the region.
He has oversight of the economy.
They will share the award with a third American economist.
His country faces a severe economic crisis.
The whole world is praising China's economic miracle.
Myanmar experienced decades of international isolation, and a depressed economy.
The United States is the world’s largest economy.
He does not consider economic reform without nuclear weapons.
The two leaders have been in talks regarding economic aid.
Two economics professors said there is a survey of evidence.
Brinkmanship has hampered the economic recovery.
Employment is the foundation of economic development.
The economist warned that prices could fall by 40 percent.
The economic outlook suggests growth is likely to be slower.
The economic ramifications have accumulated over time.
Ms.Yellen demonstrated considerable economic insight over the next several years.
Additional cuts would slow the economy even more.
In France, the economy has been flat, too.
The impact on the economy could be even more severe.
The prize is a revived Japanese economy.
Of all the obstacles to Abenomics, the worst was self-inflicted.
In theory, Abenomics involved a fiscal stimulus.
Despite the financial success, Samsung remains mired in scandal.
Critics of Japan's economic stimulus declare exactly that. 
But they all involved too little Abenomics, not too much.
British economist told the US president something.
Abenomics began in the spring of 2013. 
William White is a long-serving Canadian economic adviser.
What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment?
Torreón is among the Mexico’s most important economic center.
This is a very hard time for many countries' economics.
The list of financial benefits to bilingualism is endless.
The economy is in a downturn.
Sometimes that is not financially feasible.
Some instability is a normal part of a capitalist economy.
Realize that enduring happiness doesn't come from financial success. 
Korean is an export-based economy and they are outward looking.
In today's economy,it's easier to start with the happiness.
I teach economics at UNLV three times per week. 
Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete.
They have tended to emphasize jobs and other economic issues.
Mr.Rosengren’s view of the economy has since brightened.
Analysts expect the economy added 195,000 jobs last month.
In recent years, government cutbacks have limited economic growth.
The oil monopoly is the lifeblood of the government.
Public support could evaporate if the economy starts to sour.
Mr.Abe has emphasized his economic program.
Mr. Abe has yet to express a clear economic philosophy.
If the economy is growing, everybody feels invested.
Let’s make sure that we’re growing the economy.
The Philippines is a treaty ally of the United States.
It would certainly require delicate negotiations with Middle Eastern allies.
White House officials said their allies need not worry.
Turkey has few allies these days.
How do we coordinate with our closest allies and partners?
Her allies said she has no intention of stepping down.
They have often been hostile toward him and his allies.
The United States had marshaled its allies.
The Philippinesbacked by its treaty ally the United States.
Japan is a valued ally and friend.
Both are important Allies of Iran.
You will pay the price when your economies collapse.
The economy is collapsing.
The ecosystem and the society around is crumbling.
Meanwhile state services have virtually collapsed.
The collapse has created business opportunities for Taliban spouses.
It's okay to fall apart for a little while. 
For Namie’s residents, government obfuscation is nothing new.
It allow communities to cultivate the land they live on.
He sometimes referred to his supporters as little people. 
This policy became a rallying point in the anti-apartheid movement.
We should continue the fight, that’s what the people want.
Ordinary Japanese have embraced Obama's support for nuclear disarmament.
Public opinion in support of legalizing marijuana has grown.
People resorting to older loyalties for safety.
Mexicans are growing impatient with Mr.Pe a Nieto’s agenda.
Ordinary people will not be affected.
This deal breaks the rule of law.
The larger point is that Alzheimer's is not untreatable.
Mr.Obama said consistently through the standoff.
It is a nongovernmental organization opposed to the governor’s plan.
He was slightly optimistic about his dialogue with Mr. McConnell.
They were a frequent ally on national security issues.
She was facing Mr. Obama, then an antiwar senator.
The Chinese government’s approach to prostitution is inconsistent.
The Western paralysis that abetted genocide against Bosnian Muslims.
It’s our political system that has produced this attitude.
The Australian attitudes are a little more blurred today. 
Mr. Obama's predecessors had good reasons to avoid Hiroshima.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
You should treat life with the attitude of the optimism.
We've all heard about the power of our attitude.
There is a lot to be said for attitude.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
Our attitude is the driving force in our lives.
Happiness is an attitude.
Attitude, after all, is everything.
Amy felt the shade of coldness in his manner.
That cynicism was echoed this week across Pakistan.
Saudi twitter users posted a wave of anxious defeatism .
His remarks on elections were sure to draw snickers.
The comments created an immediate uproar in Asia.
Mr.Kiselyov's starkly homophobic remarks and virulent commentary had provoked controversy.
The remark sparked headlines around the world.
They back up their claims with action.
My family and I are outraged by Rodman's recent comments.
The government’s national wolf plan calls for more shootings.
Democrats have been pressing for formal negotiations since April.
They would step up their appeals for an agreement.
Mr. Engel said he appealed to facebook officials in Washington.
He called on Monday for the government to resign.
But he recently shifted his tone, calling for reconciliation.
De Blasio urged the crowd to acknowledge Bloomberg's work.
China has called for an immediate cease-fire.
Kim Jong-un called for improving relations with South Korea.
But he also urged that demonstrations be peaceful.
We are calling for a U.S.ban on domestic trade.
Many Republicans are already calling for a refocusing of priorities.
I'd urge everyone to continue to oppose him.
They have appealed for millions of dollars in international donations.
He asked for the patience of protesters.
The Fertility Day campaign was not a call to reproduction.
There have been some calls for boycotting the Games.
Protest leaders have called for a royally appointed prime minister.
They have been unmoved by her calling new elections.
Politicians weighed in, calling for an investigation.
He would support the president's call to action.
Most Republican lawmakers are appealing to those constituents' supports.
The opposition made a similar appeal for calm on Sunday.
People called for change and improvement in their living standards
Some lawmakers are calling for retribution.
Congressional Republicans conceded defeat on Wednesday in their bitter budget.
Congress was debating the competing bills over the program's future.
Congress does not agree to raise the debt ceiling.
The Parliament dutifully obliged by passing it.
This means spending Christmas Eve in the Capitol.
The Xinhua commentator was not heartened by the congressional deal.
We leave parliamentary procedures to the Congress.
It driven public opinion of Congress to an all-time low.
He has served six terms and is Montana’s longest-serving senator.
It seems appropriate to determine whether Congress concurs.
The United States would defy Chinese move.
US congressional candidates have also been wrecked by ill-judged comments.
Congress is moving toward resolving the impasse.
Congress made a last-minute deal.
The Capitol used to paralyzing partisan gridlock.
The resolution would not be approved by Congress.
The plan must be dead on arrival in Congress.
Congress has voted to reverse that requirement.
On Capitol Hill, where opposition to a strike was hardening.
He sends a congressional power broker to Beijing.
The legislation, which won final congressional approval on Thursday afternoon.
Congress appeared at a dead end.
Congress must raise the government's borrowing limit.
The Supreme Court largely upheld the law in 2012.
Tens of thousands remain in a legal and emotional limbo.
They alleged that the concession violated national law.
Western diplomats said the resolution would be legally binding.
He was a conservative legal activist.
This ruling is the law of the land.
We must do everything within the framework of the law.
He is subject to the law like all other citizens.
That is for legal authorities to determine.
These legal entities was called stichtings in Dutch law.
She would issue findings later that would explain her ruling.
Subsequent appeals could take years, legal specialists said.
Eleanor was a prominent matrimonial lawyer in New York.
This law was very unpopular throughout society.
The law set no lower limit for age.
The law would prevent mentally ill people from buying guns.
Powerful people are often able to evade justice entirely.
We have to wait for the change to become law.
They are not legally binding.
He was the United States Central Command's chief legal adviser.
Their behaviors are all apparently in violation of the law.
He changed laws, but he also changed hearts.
He knows full well that the law already says.
According to Thai law, elections must be held by Feb.2.
President Obama should eliminate the law.
They issued tone-deaf statements that deflected legal blame.
He is preparing legal action against the United States.
Those who evade tax will be punished by the law.
They are restricted by law from exportation.
Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
The ship repeated violations of Senegal’s fishing laws.
They are right to worry, say legal experts.
For decades, farm bills have had two major laws.
Over the years, however, the two laws diverged.
Mr. Netanyahu faces increasing opposition within his own Likud Party.
A bipartisan group of senators took out an agreement.
Yuri Levchenko is an official with the nationalist Svoboda Party.
I am loath to cast partisan blame.
The only bills guaranteed to pass are simple, nonpartisan matters.
In July, Mr.Hun Sen’s party claimed victory in disputed elections.
Religious organizations offer themselves as trustworthy receptacles of donations.
We don't have a religious project. 
This is a basic belief regarding religion or spirituality.
Religious fundamentalists believe their particular theology does.
Most of all, they are a deeply religious people. 
June was not religious.
Hitler is trying to do away with religion.
His party kowtowed to the religious right.
The Kenyan militants are increasingly sophisticated and dangerous.
Mr.Assad said insurgents were responsible.
Kenya's president called the terrorists cowards.
That's because it would strengthen extremist fighters in the region.
Many of the militants are part of the Nusra Front.
She still regards Tobin as her intellectual hero.
The militants prevented his children from obtaining polio vaccinations.
The operations have killed many dangerous militants.
The match factory is now frequented by Uzbek militants.
Vaccinators are spies who are looking for militant hide-outs.
Trump is a terrible president and a terrorist.
He regularly conducts molecular analyses.
It left rebels deflated and government supporters jubilant.
The ragtag army of Sunni militants threatening Syria and Iraq.
They were not even acknowledged as activists. 
He frequently railed against the menace posed by Islamist militants.
Activists like Noor have adopted the long view.
Clinton told supporters at a community college here.
Mr.Trump offered a pre-emptive response to Mrs.Clinton’s speech.
Mrs. Clinton’s pitch seemed aimed largely at moderate Republicans.
Republicans' approval ratings plunged,and President Bill Clinton sailed to re-election.
Mr. Clinton, in reality, is a so-so golfer.
A spokesman for Mr. Clinton declined to comment.
They were from Mrs. Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state.
He is an adviser to Mr. Clinton.
It includes Mr. Clinton and the couple’s daughter, Chelsea.
He has lent his private plane to the Clintons. 
Even Hillary Rodham Clinton, seated onstage, swayed with the music.
These people include Gov.Andrew M.Cuomo and former President Bill Clinton.
He has high praise for Clinton.
Clinton sways backward before moving forward.
If Trump is teflon, Clinton must be velcro.
Clinton's experience in Dothan opened her eyes to discrimination.
Clinton favored corduroy bell-bottoms for casual wear.
Clinton stumbled as she tried to enter a waiting van.
Mrs. Clinton canceled a trip to California late Sunday night.
Clinton does not name the school in her book.
Jake Sullivan is Mrs Clinton's policy chief.
Abedin, 40, has been at Clinton's side for two decades.
All this makes Russia the land of the preventable accident.
The derailment occurred on the eve of an annual religious.
The train's driver survived the accident with light injuries .
A Pegatron spokeswoman was referring to the young man’s death.
Nine passengers and three crew members were killed.
You didn't follow up when this accident happened.
We want to ensure there are no injuries today. 
I saw Michael about six months after the accident.
It expands tax-free health savings accounts, cap malpractice lawsuits. 
The crash occurred in a nature reserve.
The accident took place on marshland toward the sea.
The senior administration official would not say how the White House planned to respond to the letter.
The group is expected to deliver its lengthy, unclassified report to the White House by this weekend.
The party looks to take the Senate majority next year and recapture the White House in 2016. 
It is the arm of the department that advises the White House on the legality of domestic and foreign policies.
But he never squared that with the real-life complexities he would confront in the Oval Office.
The White House said on Wednesday that Comey had lost the confidence of rank-and-file FBI employees.
The White House described a good meeting, though no specific determination was made about the Republicans offer. 
The White House kept close tabs on the effort, with particular attention to the Web site’s design.
The White House considered Mr. Baucus a strong candidate for the job.
The White House also said that the president would veto the House bill if approved by the Senate.
White House officials said they expected significant resistance to some of the report’s conclusions from the N.S.A.and other intelligence agencies.
Yet the White House described his call with Mr Trump as very friendly.
The White House did in an essential respect reinforce experience with this administration.
James Comey, the ousted FBI chief, accused the White House of telling lies about him.
I stopped doing her relaxer the first year of the administration.
He used his opening statement to vent anger at the White House.
Donald Trump recently invited Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte to the White House.
This asymmetry probably helped Russia get its favoured candidate into the White House.
The few in the White House don't want to admit as much in public.
Anthony Blinken,gave a speech echoing the White House’s rosy view of Iraq’s prospects after the withdrawal of American forces.
He accused of confusing the White House at the behest of an unidentified foreign country.
The White House took the unusual step of issuing a statement urging lawmakers not to approve the measure.
Instead, the White House released a statement under the name of the secretary Jay Carney.
Obviously this is not a positive development, said the White House spokesman.
The Russian government gave the White House no advance notice of its decision on Mr. Snowden.
By granting Mr. Snowden asylum, however, Mr. Putin was implicitly rejecting the White House's contention.
It adds new urgency to fiscal negotiations between the White House and a bloc of Senate Republicans.
The group of eight lawmakers headed to the White House to find a way.
For more than two and a half hours, the group met with the White House chief of staff, Denis.
The White House may be using the meeting as leverage to win cooperation.
The White House has not publicly confirmed the prospect of canceling the Moscow meeting.
But some experts said her lack of knowledge is outweighed by her connections to the Oval Office.
She was one of those warning the White House against a Summers nomination.
The issue of official corruption is expected to be a major factor in the election.
With months to go before the election, anything can happen to derail Mr. Joko's chances.
Trump has upended this election cycle with his insults and attacks.
After the election, people can refocus attention on why this is so important.
Typically, congressional gridlock prevents presidential elections from causing wild swings in policy.
He had simply wanted to provide insights on elections in Lebanon.
Mitt's defeat was the Republicans lost the popular presidential vote for the fifth time in six elections. 
Mr.Navalny, 37, had won his freedom by defying expectations with his strong showing in the election.
He wanted Mr.Navalny’s candidacy to create an appearance of competition and add legitimacy to the race.
Ms. Park has denied using the spy agency for her campaign.
After inconclusive elections in 2010, it left Belgium without a government for more than 500 days.
Mr. Napolitano has said that snap elections now would be economically and politically destructive.
Under Italy’s Constitution, only the president can call new elections. 
Saturday’s election will mark the end of the longest campaign season in modern Australian history.
He wanted to wait until after the April 2014 presidential elections before signing.
His power is likely to threatens to divide Mr.Erdogan's core constituency ahead of a series of elections.
Partial results published by Bangladesh's election commission put the average turnout at 39.8 percent.
It boycotted the election and carried out a campaign to discourage turnout.
A popular newspapers, Prothom Alo, printed in Bengali, published the headline Fake Vote, Disgraceful Election, and an editorial cartoon.
Edward I.Koch, who died last year and supported a rival of de Blasio's in the mayoral race, went unmentioned.
The mayor welcomed a fair election, acknowledging indirectly that previous elections had been marred by machinations and accusations of fraud.
It aims to reinforce Mr Sobyanin's legitimacy as an elected, not appointed, mayor.
Mr Putin's Kremlin remains so opaque that few know exactly what has motivated the comparative openness of the election.
Skeptics note that the appeal of Mr Navalny's conviction could come at any moment, before or after the election. 
It would avert the mass protests that greeted the 2011 parliamentary elections and Mr Putin's re-election a year later.
He was blocked from contesting elections in 1990 on the grounds of receiving help from foreigners.
He told me that quick elections were the solution, and that we can be part of that.
I’m telling you, there will be no elections soon, Mr.Beshr said.
Mayor Dave Bing and Detroit’s elected City Council are still paid to hold office.
Liberal Democratic Party has achieved decisive victory in upper house elections last month.
As predicted, he won the presidential vote in the national and provincial legislatures.
It confirmed Mr. Sharif, whose party emerged victorious from May's general election, as the most powerful civilian leader.
This election could free him up to do more of the latter, which is what he really wants.
Right now this government is concerned about winning the next election.
It’s unacceptable as leaders that have been elected by the people of this country.
It was the first fully democratic election in the country’s history.
Amid a campaign of street protests against Mr.Thaksin, the Democrat Party boycotted elections in April 2006.
Ms.Yingluck and her cabinet must serve until a new government is elected.
In the coming months, the African National Congress will face what may be its most fiercely competitive election since 1994.
They felt leaderless and demoralized after Republicans lost seats in Congress and the White House last year. 
In other countries, and other campaigns, politicians have been derailed by much less.
The mistrust of electoral politics has echoes across the region in Malaysia.
There is very serious underreporting of dengue cases because of the elections.
Before the election, he went to 20 industrialists and asked each for at least one million. 
The electoral power shift from Bangkok to the northern provinces is all the more destabilizing.
And, for the first time, it will face the election without its most important moral figure, Mr.Mandela.
It includes bank codes, insurance information, Facebook profiles, passenger manifests, voter registration rolls and GPS location information.
He has demanded that the country abandon its electoral system in favor of an unelected and ill-defined People’s Council.
He hope that new elections would revive his political career. 
They voted for Mr.Mandela's African National Congress in the nation's first fully democratic elections.
They see his campaign as impractical, self-interested and potentially damaging to the party’s electoral efforts in 2014 and beyond.
They have not yet said whether they would contest in February.
Today it is the seat of a democratically elected nonracial provincial government.
No amount of grass-roots energy matters unless the Republican Party wins elections.
The other 10 members are elected for two-year terms, with seats set aside for different regions of the world.
Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, called the vote an endorsement of the president.
No one expects the African National Congress to lose the national election.
Protest leaders have called for the country's electoral democracy to be replaced with a vaguely defined people's council.
The outcome is not expected to bring much change, since Parliament already acquiesces to Putin's every request.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader is up for re-election next year.
Clinton remains the outright favorite, thanks to an electoral system in the United States that is based on state-by-state results.
Germany has gotten through its elections and Rome through another political crisis.
But racial equality at the ballot box has proved much easier to achieve than social and economic equality.
But she did not support Mr. Yanukovich either, and had not voted in the last elections.
In comparison to the 2011 campaign, the link to Putin was much stronger this time.
30 percent of winners in national and regional elections since 2008.
He led the African National Congress, long a banned liberation movement, to a resounding electoral victory in 1994.
Electoral democracy will be the only political system for all countries and all peoples.
Because they all rational, once given the vote, they produce good government and live happily ever after. 
All these individuals are, by definition, rational, and they all want the vote.
According to the Freedom House, the number of democracies went from 45 in 1970 to 115 in 2010. 
A few years back, Brazilians voted a clown into Congress. 
Ramon is an executive director of the Institute for Political and Electoral Reform in Manila.
All efforts and plans to forcibly impede the election process should cease.
But the dissolution of Parliament this month and the call for elections seemed to escalate violence.
I insist that the Election Commission has to comply with the law.
If there’s no understanding or agreement in our society, the election on Feb.2 is not going to happen.
On Thursday, they tried to raid a Bangkok stadium where political parties were completing pre-election formalities.
Pheu Thai won in a landslide in the last election, in 2011, with a turnout of 75 percent.
The Democrats announced last weekend that they would boycott the Feb.2 elections.
The Election Commission has a duty to carry out the whole process.
The government and the protesters differ over whether they want changes before or after elections.
The government had no power to postpone the elections and warned that a delay could lead to prolonged violence. 
They would not take place on Feb.2 unless protesters reached an accommodation with the government.
We used to think that elections were the way to solve problems in society, like starting over.
Graham said that Republicans would probably get away with denouncing the affordable care act through the midterm elections.
Egypt may hold a presidential election before a new parliament is elected.
They are going to disrupt the coming elections with their actions.
His country is split over whether elections are the answer to the impasse.
He was widely considered a likely candidate in next summer’s presidential election.
They were sure that if elections were held the governing party would return to power.
By then, the Turkish President will be elected for the first time through national elections.
Anti-government protesters there gathered to block the election and set up a people's commission.
The elections that Ms.Yingluck proposed two weeks ago are the only way to keep the country moving forward.
Some of the moves had already been planned, so that certain ministers could run in mayoral elections in March.
Switching the order of the elections could allow Egypt’s leaders to maintain tighter control over their outcome.
The election had seemed to herald the advent of a vibrant two-party democracy.
So long as the Liberal Democratic Party’s coalition holds together, it will not face new elections for three years.
Sunday’s election was one of the most closely contested of his career.
Mr.Rainsy called for a special committee to be formed to adjudicate the election.
He proposed that the committee include members of both parties as well as independent election observers, both Cambodian and foreign.
A number of organizations monitoring the election have described widespread problems.
As long as the Putin regime is alive, there will not be elections.
He became the country’s first elected president to complete his term of office.
He will also tell such a reality to reporters traveling with him to Japan and South Korea this week.
The leaders of South Korea and Japan faced a barrage of criticism on Tuesday.
Abe had suggested that Japanese rule was less brutal than Koreans say it was.
They are reported to object that the money offered by Japan.
Her father had served as an officer in the Japanese Imperial Army.
The statue was installed by a civic group in front of the Japanese Embassy in Seoul.
Government will not admit it for fear of dooming plans to restart Japan’s other nuclear plants.
President Bill Clinton canceled a trip to the group’s summit meeting in Japan in 1995.
In a recent blog post, he pointed to extensive pedestrian passageways and shopping malls in Japan and Canada.
Then, last month, Japan’s daily Asahi Shimbun reported that Mr.Kim ordered the executions to prevent the spreading of rumors.
He wants to diminish Japan's responsibility for World War II atrocities.
Japan wants to glorify its wartime history, not repent for it.
Japanese needed to regain the trust of Koreans by taking sincere measures.
The U.S. gives Japan and South Korea comfort in the face of a rising China.
Some Japanese have compared the organization to the skinheads or neo Nazis of the West.
China carries $1.28 trillion of United States public debt, more than the $1.14 trillion Japan holds.
Vice President Joseph delivered a carefully calibrated show of support for Japan on Tuesday.
He declared the United States was deeply  concerned about China's move to control airspace contested with Japan.
Japanese government has called on China to roll back its air defense identification zone.
Mr. Biden said that China and Japan needed crisis management mechanisms  and effective channels of communication. 
He said this words as an unsmiling Prime Minister Shinzo Abe stood next to him.
That appeared to be an attempt to smooth over a disconnect between the United States and Japan over the weekend.
The Japanese government has instructed its airlines to ignore the Chinese demand.
Administration officials insisted there was no daylight between the United States and Japan on how to respond to China's move.
The disputed islands includes which is known in Japan as the Senkaku and in China as the Diaoyu.
Japan has a long-established air defense identification zone of its own.
But he quickly added that Japan wasn't willing to do it.
Mr. Biden still found time to tour a Japanese Internet company founded and run by a female entrepreneur, Tomoko Namba.
Japan now administers the islands, known as the Diaoyu in China and the Senkaku in Japan.
But over the past year, China has been escalating its challenge to Tokyo's control.
Presumably the Chinese leadership wanted to apply renewed  pressure on Japan in the islands dispute.
Tokyo has advised Japanese airlines not to follow the rules of the zone.
Many countries established these zones during the Cold War, including the United States, Japan and South Korea.
Japan has seemed to be overshadowed by the rise of China and other developing nations.
These Olympics will give Japanese a chance to feel reborn, to feel for themselves that Japan can still be vibrant.
The North had imported the motors for centrifuges from such countries as Japan, France and Russia.
Foreign players in Japan are not just up against nationalist sentiment.
They have also struggled, experts say, to get used to the Japanese way of baseball.
Players in Japan had unknowingly used the juiced ball in nearly 60 games.
His one of a handful of Japanese directors who still have experience in the genre.
Japan’s finance minister on Thursday publicly retracted comments he made this week.
He calls on Japan’s current conservative government to emulate Hitler’s takeover of prewar Germany.
The gaffe underscored the potential for disputes over Japan’s own wartime history. 
Mr.Abe has long been a leading figure on Japan's far right.
The United States is the postwar guarantor of Japan’s military security.
He focused his second term on policies to revive Japan’s stagnant economy.
They have spoken of restoring not only Japan’s economy but also its pride.
Disagreements over interpreting the war could isolate Japan from the rest of Asia.
It hurt ties with not only Asian neighbors but also, potentially, the United States.
He seemed to say that Japan should learn how the Nazi party quietly rewrote Germany’s Constitution.
He said he had hoped to prompt debate in Japan over whether to change its current pacifist Constitution.
There are still bitter memories of Japan’s early 20th-century empire building in the rest countries of Asia.
Still, the uproar over the comments by Mr.Aso, seemed to confirm the fears of some Japanese and other Asians.
Korean and women from other conquered nations had been forced to serve as prostitutes for Japanese soldiers during the war.
The space agencies of the European Union, Japan and Canada also launch from here on Russian rockets.
Japan’s popular prime minister, Shinzo Abe, ordered his government to intervene in the cleanup of the plant.
Mr. Abe is a staunch defender of the country’s nuclear program.
At a news conference last week, Shunichi Tanaka, chairman of Japan’s Nuclear Regulation Authority, seemed to lay the groundwork.
There was a possible solution likely to raise concerns not only in Japan but in other Pacific Rim countries.
The victory comes at a time when many Japanese seem more open than ever to change.
But his vows to stand up to China and rewrite Japan’s antiwar Constitution.
He will go too far and further isolate Japan in the region.
At the same time, it remains unclear how far the Japanese people may be willing to let Mr.Abe go.
Something that has not happened since it was crafted by American occupiers after World War II.
This have already succeeded in starting Japan’s $5 trillion economy on the road to a recovery.
Kanji Inoki is a professional wrestler who turned politician from Japan.
On Tuesday, the cabinet also approved a revised 10-year military strategy.
China’s newly declared zone is intended mainly to whittle away at Japan’s hold on the islands.
Chinese government has already used the recommendation to American airlines to pressure Japan.
The Chinese are already trying to portray this as daylight between the U.S.and Japanese positions.
China sends close-in sea patrols and refuses to talk until Japan softens its position.
China has criticized the visit as an opportunity for Japan to recast itself as a victim in World War II.
It would be meaningful for the Japanese people to pay this kind of visit.
The South Korean-controlled islets are called Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan.
The territorial and historical controversies are rooted in Japan’s regional aggression in the early 20th century.
It took Japan another step further from its postwar pacifism. 
In South Korea, memories of Japan’s early 20th-century militarism are still raw.
Before becoming prime minister, Mr.Abe had vowed to visit the shrine, called Yasukuni.
They suffered from the brutal World War II killing machine that was Imperial Japan.
Japan had seemed loath to even admit that it had a military two decades ago.
At the same time, the draft called on Japan to work harder to become a major player in international society.
The territorial and historical controversies have kept Ms.Park from meeting Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe.
It is Japan’s first attempt at creating a national security strategy.
Some conservative commentators criticized Mr. Kerry for not telling the Japanese.
Many Japanese conservatives say the visits should not be politicized. 
The new security strategy also calls for raising Japan’s regional profile by building security ties with other Asian nations.
The Constitution bars the Japan from possessing land, sea and air forces, as well as other war potential.
Now Japan is trying to catch up with a massive technical fix that is very expensive.
To do this, Japan will station more early warning aircraft in Okinawa and buy three unarmed Global Hawk drones.
It allows Japan to join the United States and other nations in jointly developing new weapons.
And it also calls for nurturing a stronger sense of patriotism in Japan’s public.
It will consume enough electricity to light more than 13000 Japanese homes for a year.
It calls for Japan to strengthen its ability to defend its southwestern islands.
And it said Japan would study whether it should buy or develop long-range strike capability, such as a cruise missile.
Shinzo Abe approved a new defense plan on Tuesday as Japan faces the prospect of a prolonged rivalry with China.
Japan's own record of delayed apologies for its wartime behavior and atrocities has been criticized.
Ichiro Fujisaki served as Japanese ambassador to the United States until last year.
There is a resurgence of animosities that date to Japanese colonialism and World War II.
The Japanese government had told its airlines to ignore the Chinese demand.
A defense official from Japan, a territorial rival of China that monitors its arms trade closely. 
Japan locked in a tense standoff with China over disputed airspace.
Japan should bolster its antimissile defenses and its ability to defend the freedom of navigation in surrounding seas.
Japan has created a new American-style national security council to strengthen its response to the changing regional environment.
Japan should build alliances with other nations including Australia, South Korea and Southeast Asian countries.
The chance of Japan seeking American support would be 90 percent.
Japan had the fifth-largest military budget in the world last year, while China was ranked second behind the United States.
Japan’s leaders should respect the feeling of Chinese people and other Asian victims. 
Japan military’s existence already pushes the limits of a postwar Constitution.
Japan will build a comprehensive defensive posture that can completely defend our nation.
An official at Japan's Transport Ministry said it had no immediate change to its advice to Japanese airlines.
There appears to be little official appetite in Japan for an apology.
Japanese defense officials have talked of acquiring American-made drones to patrol the East China Sea.
That was viewed by some in Japan as a mixed message.
Much of Japan’s new spending will go to beef up its ability to monitor and defend its southwestern islands.
Japan's defense minister at the time referred to the bombings as something that couldn't be helped.
The disputed islands are known in Japan as the Senkaku, and in China as the Diaoyu.
The islands are known as the Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in Chinese.
Japan must strengthen its defense and seek a larger regional role.
Japan must strengthen its own capabilities and expand its own roles.
Japanese newspapers began worrying about allies no longer walking in lockstep.
People are offered a glimpse of how far Japan has come from a firmly pacifist nation. 
However, Japan will also strengthen its purely defensive forces by acquiring new weapons and capabilities.
It is unclear how much a stronger Japanese military will be welcomed by neighbors such as South Korea.
It was not immediately clear if the Obama administration had notified Japan, a close ally, of its decision.
The United States was pushing Japan to wrap up negotiations on the regional trade deal.
The United States’ 50,000 military personnel stationed here still form the basis of Japan’s national security.
America is the postwar guarantor of Japanese security that still has 50,000 military personnel based in Japan.
Others argue that they saved American lives and those of hundreds of thousands of Japanese civilians.
Mr.Abe, a conservative, has struck a nerve with statements about Japan’s culpability in the war.
For example, Japan would have the right to shoot down a North Korean ballistic missile heading toward the United States.
Yasukuni Shrine is a memorial to the Japanese war dead that has become a fraught symbol.
Japan has so far eschewed such clearly offensive weapons to maintain the purely defensive nature of its military.
Yoshihide Suga is the top government spokesman and the Chief Cabinet Secretary.
Katsunobu Kato is a top Japanese government spokesman and the deputy chief cabinet secretary. 
Several Japanese airlines were voluntarily following China’s rules and stop this action.
A lingering ambiguity has led Japanese officials to give contradictory assessments of American intentions.
Many observers predict that he will do the same with Japan.
South Korea had explained its new air patrol zone to China and Japan. 
Under the new strategy, Japan will build closer military ties with the United States.
The airspace was previously monitored mainly by Japan and South Korea.
The plan calls for acquiring airborne drones and amphibious assault vehicles to strengthen Japan’s military.
The sky over the submerged reef was covered only by Japan’s air control zone. 
Analysts say he may also be responding to pressure from the United States, its largest Asian ally.  
The visit to Hiroshima is a gesture of respect for the Japanese people.
The set of East China Sea islands are called Diaoyu in Chinese and Senkaku in Japanese.
Countries like Germany and Japan that have pulled back from nuclear power. 
But the coordinates of the Chinese zone overlap those of Japan, South Korea and Taiwan.
But Mr. Earnest was unequivocal when asked whether the president believes that Japan deserves a formal government apology.
But some economists say that Japan’s recovery has become dangerously dependent on large-scale public works spending.
In addition to the conflict over the disputed islands，Japanese and South Korean leaders are feuding.
The draft called for building even closer military ties with the United States.
But South Korea has been extremely wary of direct military cooperation with Japan, other than conducting search-and-rescue drills.
Many countries, including the United States and Japan, have air defense zones.
Mr. Biden made progress in persuading China to consider installing a hotline with Japan.
Mr.Biden has left time for a visit to a Japanese company owned and run by a female entrepreneur.
Mr.Biden may need to repair a perceived disconnect between the United States and Japan.
Mr.Abe has vowed to give Japan an even stronger security posture.
Mr. Abe has promoted a version of history that downplays Japan's wartime transgressions.
Mr. Abe has moved to shed pacifist constraints in place since World War II.
Mr.Abe made comments about the importance of women to the Japanese economy.
Japan ruled Korea as a colony in the early 20th century.
Workers are slow to demand higher pay and employers are reluctant to offer it. 
To break Japan’s deflationary mindset for good may take several more years. 
Over the past four years, Japan has significantly tightened fiscal policy. 
Japanese companies are finding ways to cut back, reducing their lavish service standards rather than raising prices. 
It has indeed proved hard to ignite inflation in Japan. 
However, the comments chime with those of experts, as well as Japanese defence officials.
Growth, running at an annualised 1.2 per cent, has been well above Japan's.
A large number of computers are infected at home and abroad.
We hoped that you will point our company as the soled distributor in Japan.
This is the direction that Japanese toilet technology is heading in.
The Kobe beef that you see is not from the original, Appalachian Hyogo Prefecture in Japan.
My firm has sent me here to inquire about the possibility promoting our product to Japan.
He started making fun of me, saying  Chinese, Japanese, dirty knees, look at these.
According to our experience, these handicrafts can find a ready market in Japan.
A recurring theme is that a lot of these things are from Japan.
For decades, the Japanese have called Sadaharu Oh the world's true home run king.
Many Japanese fans are now rooting for Sadaharu Oh’s record to fall.
He is the lone highlight for Yakult Swallows, which languishes in last place in Japan's Central League.
This time, the Japanese appear happier, or at least resigned, to let the record fall.
Suguru Egawa made his name in the 1980s as the only Japanese pitcher with the audacity to challenge foreign sluggers.
If Balentien is successful, he will leave his mark in baseball-obsessed Japan with a new home run record.
He will also underscore a gradual change in the long-cloistered world of Japanese baseball.
After being alerted by nearby Taiwanese authorities that the man was missing, Japan sent patrol boats.
He tried  to land on an island claimed by both China and Japan.
His target is a small islet in the chain of islands called the Senkaku by Japan and the Diaoyu by China.
They arranged to turn him over to a Chinese patrol ship outside waters that Japan considers part of its territory.
Japan's leadership has taken an action that will exacerbate tensions with Japan's neighbors.
On average, about 10 percent to 20 percent of Japan's springtime ozone comes from Chinese emissions.
Transport of air pollutants from China enhances the background level entering into Japan.
Japan has experience to offer, having reduced its own awful air pollution a few decades ago.
It is similar to Japan’s level of dependence before the 2011 disaster at its Fukushima plant.
The Japanese had grown to believe their leaders’ soothing claims about nuclear safety.
This industry is even more highly centralized than Japan’s, with poor oversight on the relations among the major players.
While Japan has a small number of utilities that provide nuclear power, South Korea has just one. 
This has led to increased sales by Japanese merchants to Chinese consumers.
We do not yet offer a local mobile payment product for local Japanese.
In Japan, hitherto a haven, the Financial Services Agency will start placing exchanges under close surveillance in October. 
In which opposing parties had each controlled one house of Parliament since 2007, adding to Japan’s political paralysis.
On saturday in front of a busy Tokyo train station, Mr.Abe evoked Japan’s economic heyday in the 1970s and 1980s.
American officials have said that they would welcome Japan’s carrying more of its own weight in defense.
American officials also worry that a clumsily handled move away from pacifism could antagonize a region.
Mr. Abe, whose party governed Japan for a half-century before being ousted four years ago.
Like his long-expressed desire to revise Japan's pacifist Constitution to allow a full-fledged military instead of its current defense forces.
Abe gets it, said Gerald, a specialist on Japanese politics at Columbia University.
What a Kennedy in Tokyo would mean for Japan’s standing in the United States.
But she has never worked in government and has no special expertise in Japan.
Her stature should assuage Japan’s worries that in Washington, Tokyo takes a back seat to Beijing.
In a statement Wednesday, the Japanese foreign ministry welcomed the nomination.
Mr.Roos was barely known in Japan when he arrived in 2009.
He dealt with the tsunami and subsequent crisis at the Fukushima nuclear power plant.
These days, American officials worry most about clashes between Japan and China over disputed islands in the East China Sea.
Akio Yamamoto serves as outside expert for the Nuclear Regulation Authority, Japan's nuclear watchdog.
It was the second such ruling against a Japanese company this month.
At least 1.2 million Koreans were forced to work in Japan, China and elsewhere.
Local judges in South Korea honored the rulings by the Japanese courts in the companies' favor.
It said the Japanese rulings went against the Constitution of South Korea and international legal norms.
He was visiting Damascus after moving with his family to Europe to escape the war.
He has treated women who were gang-raped during the continuing conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
It's geographically isolated from conflicts in the Middle East and the refugee crisis in Europe.
The consensus was driven by Hun Sen after years of war.
The media has projected Malala as a heroine of the West.
The Myanmar news media reported that the wounded American was on vacation with her husband and two young children.
The continuing environmental disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant has grabbed world headlines.
Indian news media had been pressing the government for the elephant to be repatriated.
The results broadly agree with other lists of topics discussed on social media in China over the past year.
North Korea’s state media on Thursday confirmed the removal of a hard-line general as its military chief.
North Korean media reported that he was one of the generals.
But North Korean media mentioned his new title for the first time on Thursday.
He appeared with Mr.Kim in North Korean media more often than any other member of the North Korean elite.
Meanwhile, North Korean media late Wednesday showed Mr.Kim inspecting a housing project together with his wife.
The clamor was from the quarreling family, hungry news media,spotlight-seeking politicians and a national outpouring of affection and loss.
This resolved a family squabble that had played out in the news media.
Chinese media celebrated the landing on the moon as a demonstration of the country's growing scientific stature.
Her name re-emerged in a leadership list in the state-run news media over the weekend.
Her name has also disappeared from North Korean news media, prompting speculation over her fate.
Kosovo's leadership is hailing a change on a social media site.
The campaign aims to train young people to use social media to upload images of Kosovo.
The United States had hoped to keep secret, but which leaked out to the media.
Some Indian newspapers published reports claiming that she was subjected to repeated cavity searches.
The two lawmakers were designated by their parties to relay the news to reporters.
The sound of gunfire had tapered off and Kenyan news media reported that all the militants had been killed.
Mr.Trutino is avoiding the media, and could not be reached for comment on Monday.
Photos of the presidential lunch fill pages of Weibo, China's Twitter-like social media site.
He is involved in the police and judiciary but also in education, the news media and business.
Mr. Gulen's lawyer, Orhan Erdemli, issued a statement to the Turkish news media.
Mr.Chen's troubles were there for all to see in his postings on Qzone, a Chinese social media service.
That brought together its workers and employees at local corporations, making a splash in the news media.
Several news agencies, citing unnamed officials, estimated the value of the stolen goods at more than $50 million.
News agencies said the stolen jewels were part of an exhibition put on by the Leviev diamond house.
The Chinese state-run news media has run front-page articles and harsh editorials over the case.
After Mr. Snowden’s departure from the Moscow airport on Thursday there was frenzied news media speculation.
The parliamentary briefing was widely reported in South Korean news media on Tuesday.
It’s a concept championed at more established houses to entice a younger and social media-savvy crowd.
The text was released by the state-run Korean Central News Agency.
During his months as a cloak-and-dagger outlaw, the press christened him the Black Pimpernel.
People posted videos of the chaotic scene on social media and said falsely that shots had been fired.
He declined to give his name because he was not authorized to speak to the news media.
Because the North Korea had not made it public through state media.
An essay written by a migrant worker about her family went viral on Chinese social media.
The news media carries perennial stories about the prospect for coup.
There’s rapid dissemination of information on social media that’s not being filtered by anybody.
Its own, state-run Xinhua news agency has mocked Washington’s incompetence and called for de-Americanization.
He accused other Chinese media outlets of deliberately distorting its contents to get web traffic.
He had sent lewd images of himself to women on social media.
He appears with Mr.Kim in North Korean media more often than any other member of the elite.
They work for publishers, or in the media, or in public relations. 
He is considered a moderate voice among military commentators in the Chinese media.
When will MSM learn to NOT comment on Black Women's hair?
The regime prominently detailed Mr.Jang's alleged corruption and political ambitions in state news reports.
The two agencies will be absorbed into a new state media organization known as Rossiya Sevodnya, or Russia Today.
Their finances are opaque, though there are some statistics on their Web sites and in the state news media.
Despite facing some backlash on social media, he claims that business has grown significantly.
In the past, North Korean officials reported to have been purged in South Korean media have resurfaced.
The official People’s Daily newspaper previously estimated the fine could total up to $26.2 million.
Ron is the Franklin County prosecutor and he said in remarks to the local news media.
President Vladimir V.Putin exerted new control over Russia’s state news media on Monday.
The reorganization of Russia’s state news media came only two days after a meeting between the two leaders.
That day, Iran' s president also hosted a clutch of media executives.
But the jeering and warnings from China’s state news media is likely to continue.
But its discussion in official media outlets like CCTV is a step further.
Outside news outlets have since called Mr. Jang a guardian and mentor for his young nephew.
The North's state-run news media called for shredding the traitor to pieces and throwing him into boiling water.
Officials, including the chief minister of Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal, and other critics on social media denounced Mr Sharma's suggestion.
Ali’s death, which did not draw the same instant social media outpouring as Omran’s suffering. 
United is scarcely the first company to have faced a ferocious social media firestorm.
The subject of a university examination has become a hot topic in social media.
The decline in the number of infections in Europe is likely due to media attention during the weekend.
Tencent is solidifying their claims as the only legitimate streaming service in China.
Local media said the object may have been a North Korean drone.
Its logo will also appear during every match on pitch advertising boards, tickets, media releases and other key promotional platforms.
It is because of criticism on social media that it was racially and politically insensitive.
You can share your favorite moment of Shakespeare on social media.
Tactics range from garden-variety electronic surveillance to sophisticated analyses of employees’ social media lives.
Social media is simply a function of marketing, for it helps support branding, ROI or both. 
Social media is a means to get more awareness, more users or more revenue. 
Most digital media players allow you to slow down the speed.
Instead, she joined a State-owned media company paying only half as much. 
I'd strongly caution against pegging your career trajectory solely to a social media job title.  
English-language newspapers and the once mighty BBC now face millions of  new competitors on social media.
A social media campaign called Play Your Part will invite the next generation of creative talent.
The New York-based media scholar Ying Zhu condemned the film's twisted male narcissism.
He did so, albeit without apologizing or acknowledging error, and was castigated in the Chinese press.
Mr.Hun Sen’party tightly controls the police, the military, the judiciary and much of the news media.
Pictures of the flames were widely circulated on Chinese social media and news sites Thursday.
His name appeared on a subpoena that was leaked to the media on Thursday night.
The occasionally rough tone of the inaugural was widely remarked upon on social media.
The investigation became public last week with a series of raids, and subsequent leaks to the news media.
Spanish news media reported that the driver had said the train's speed had been about 120 miles per hour.
Large portions of the Pakistani news media and public seemed to revel in ridiculing or condemning him.
The Australian leader met with Mr.Xi on Sunday night for the first time since becoming prime minister in September.
Iraq's prime minister, Haider, who announced the city's liberation on Twitter on Monday night.
Since coming to power in June, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, who favors capital punishment, announced a review of the moratorium.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, the son of a historian, often complains to his inner circle.
He warned of the nuclear threat in a speech to Congress shortly after becoming prime minister for the first time.
The list also included Vice Premier Ro Du-chol, one of the people said to have been close to him.
On Sunday evening President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Li Keqiang visited the mission control in Beijing.
But the backlash against a second raid could bring down the government of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan.
Close relatives of the deputy prime minister and the chief of police were burglarized in separate crimes last May.
The French newspaper Le Monde declared her Chancellor of Germany, Chief of Europe. 
Recep tayyip erdogan, Turkey's prime minister, is a charismatic and powerful leader.
The prime minister relied heavily on the support of a Sufi mystic preacher.
It has exposed a deepening rift between the prime minister and the followers of his erstwhile ally.
The Gezi protests showed a prime minister was deeply involved in local urban planning issues.
Because they were accustomed to their prime minister telling them how many children to have or what to eat.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has canceled most of her meetings for the next three weeks, her spokesman said Monday.
Mr.Seibert said that all of the chancellor’s scheduled travel plans had been canceled, along with several meetings in Berlin.
Zardari's political authority stemmed largely from his status as the widower of Benazir, the former prime minister. 
Russia’s prime minister, Yevgeny Primakov, did order his plane to turn around in route to the United States.
The files also contain records of a conversation between Mrs. Thatcher and the German chancellor at the time.
Kirk Sowell said the episode has also punctured Iraqi Prime Minister's carefully devised image.
The prime minister seemed to be suggesting new talks between the Ukrainian government and European leaders.
Premier Li Keqiang recently highlighted the necessity for social organizations and volunteers to contribute to the fight against AIDS.
Dmitri A.Medvedev who has served as prime minister since Mr.Putin returned to the presidency last year.
With thousands of protesters still camping out near the prime minister's office on Tuesday.
Only at midday were the gunmen persuaded to free the prime minister.
Mr.Jang dreamed of first becoming premier when the economy goes totally bankrupt.
It initially seemed that the gunmen may have grabbed the prime minister because they were angry.
The embattled prime minister, Yingluck Shinawatra, has proposed holding new elections as a solution to the turmoil.
It's backed by the billionaire tycoon Thaksin Shinawatra, a former prime minister.
He had told a Ukrainian deputy prime minister, Sergei Arbuzov, that the government had to show a clear commitment.
He is a former prime minister and the patriarch of the country’s most influential political clan.
He met with Prime Minister Dmitri A.Medvedev and a deputy prime minister, Igor Shuvalov.
Prime Minister Manuel posted a message on Twitter saying the vote was a major advance for the rights of women.
One day after Assange’s arrest, the Russian president appeared at a news conference with the French prime minister.
Mr Macron, who campaigned on a strongly pro-EU platform, will visit chancellor Angela Merkel next week.
But Prime Minister Malcolm said it would be abolished to prioritise the recruitment of Australian nationals.
This will probably return to power the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
It includes the office of an Israeli prime minister, heads of international aid organizations, foreign energy companies.
The prime minister at the time, in January 2009, was Ehud Olmert.
Germany is especially sensitive about American spying since reports emerged that the agency listened to Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellphone calls.
Former Chancellor Schmidt, who turned 95 on Monday, is another such figure.
Mr Gulen, a former ally of Mr Erdogan, recently seemed to be falling out with the prime minister.
Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel has described Rouhani as a wolf in sheep's clothing.
But he will mainly be remembered as the most ardently pro-European politician in German chancellor Angela Merkel’s cabinet.
Neither the interim president nor the prime minister spoke publicly about the general’s call for mass protests.
The same Milan appeals court that convicted the former prime minister must also formally request his arrest.
Mr. Berlusconi, a former prime minister, said he was prepared to go to prison if he was convicted.
He occupies far more space and airtime than Mr. Letta, the current prime minister in news media.
Singapore has a little less land mass than New York City.
Singapore is running out of room for its 5.4 million people.
The utilization of underground space is one option for Singapore. 
Now Singapore is going further, beginning work on a huge underground oil bunker called Jurong Rock Caverns.
The science center has an estimated 50 acres to be situated 30 floors below a science park in western Singapore.
The city's two oldest universities are Nanyang Technological University and the National University of Singapore.
But even with the current projects in full swing, subterranean development in Singapore is still in its early stages.
Richard Bitzinger is a senior fellow at the S.Rajaratnam School of International Studies at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore.
It includes the Singapore Marathon, the Auckland Marathon and Marathon Bordeaux.
We literally eat anything and everything with chilli sauce, from the iconic chicken rice to McDonald’s hamburgers.
In fact, McDonald’s even makes a garlic chilli sauce that’s exclusive to the heat-loving Singapore market.
Two Singaporean men have been each sentenced to a year's jail in Abu Dhabi for wearing women's clothes.
Laos has long depended on its neighbors China, Vietnam and Thailand for investment and political patronage.
 It set off Thailand’s seven years of intermittent political turmoil.
Ms.Yingluck's party has boasted of its connections to Mr.Thaksin because of the popularity of his policies in northern Thailand.
Thailand has been awarding contracts to the Saab Group, based in Sweden, to upgrade Chinese-built frigates.
Respect for the king, and the notion of his near infallibility and beneficence, are deeply ingrained in Thais.
Two of Thailand's leading political researchers wrote a widely circulated article last week describing the allegation as dangerous nonsense.
Thailand’s king issued a decree on Monday making the election date official,
Northeastern Thailand is still poorer than Bangkok but outpaces the capital in economic growth.
She is from southern Thailand who took part in the protest.
Thaksin said many figures at the palace felt threatened by his political power and his popularity with rural Thais.
Yet in recent years two of the most powerful institutions in the country are the courts and the military.
The Bhumibol Adulyadej king has intervened in previous political standoffs during his 67 years on the throne.
Washington strongly supports democratic institutions and the democratic process in Thailand.
Imports of tires from China declined while imports from Indonesia, Mexico and Thailand rose sharply.
Thailand today is much richer than it was two decades ago, but it is also much more divided.
It might be years before Thailand reached a new ruling consensus and the country was more settled.
That Thailand is being convulsed by an antidemocracy movement is somewhat surprising.
We are willing to be your agent in Thailand for hand-tools.
But hoteliers say the crisis has led to cancellations during what is traditionally Thailand's peak tourism season.
Thai currency, since April, although other currencies in the region have also fallen against the United States dollar.
Thailand had shown a degree of professionalism in conducting elections in the past.
The Election Commission of Thailand urged that national elections scheduled for Feb.2 be postponed.
The political crisis comes as the Thai economy is slowing and vulnerable.
The protesters accuse of subverting Thai democracy and overshadowing the country's king, a highly emotional issue.
This further clouded the country's future after a month of debilitating street protests.
We are not taking sides, but we believe that elections are the only mechanism to count every individual in Thailand.
Everyone in his village in northeastern Thailand planned to vote in the elections.
Cambodia’s political stalemate and protest movement have been somewhat overshadowed by the turmoil in nearby Thailand.
Last year it bought a Pakistani producer of white goods for $243m, and opened a fridge factory in Thailand.
The Thai Bank has already developed a mobile app which supports QR code payment for the Thai market.
Thai customers can also use their app to scan and to pay.
Five years ago most American patients who went abroad for cheaper care went to countries like India and Thailand.
She reminded the audience of Mr. Trump’s promotion of birtherism, questioning President Obama’s birthplace.
Mr.Obama, speaking shortly after the Senate vote, said he would sign the measure as he soon as he received it.
President Obama intensified his pressure on House Republicans on Tuesday. 
Obama called on them to “lift these threats from our families and our businesses”.
Mr.Obama hold firm to the position he first took more than a year ago.
Earlier in the day, the president spoke briefly by phone with Speaker John A.Boehner.
Because Mr.Obama would not defund or delay the new health care law. 
The phone conversation between Mr.Obama and Mr.Boehner was their first direct contact .
The president had Congressional leaders to the Oval Office last Thursday night. 
But Mr.Boehner, at a news conference after the president’s, once again insisted that Mr.Obama must negotiate.
Republicans want to negotiate, but the Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, and Mr.Obama will not.
For now, the White House is clinging to the two remaining stops on Mr.Obama's tour.
Mr Obama may be also forced to scrap those visits, sending Secretary of State John Kerry as his understudy.
He postponed a visit in March 2010 because of the battle over the health care overhaul.
Jeffrey A.Bader, who was Mr Obama's senior adviser on China until 2011, said such a condition.
While Mr Obama's plans are in flux, President Xi Jinping of China has embarked on a tour of Southeast Asia.
On previous visits, Mr Obama said the United States wanted to resolve these disputes peacefully and keep sea lanes open.
The nascent regional trade bloc that is the economic pillar of Mr Obama's Asia strategy.
Mr Obama cannot personally offer his public backing at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, on the Indonesian island of Bali.
The reality is that the Middle East is likely to remain a preoccupation for Mr Obama.
In his speech at the United Nations last week, Mr Obama mentioned Asia in a single line.
The president Obama may act the same like before to less committed to the Asian affairs.
He was a senior aide on nonproliferation on the National Security Council in President Obama's first term.
He ended it by a phone call to the Iranian president from Mr Obama last month.
As hopeful as the Obama administration may be, a number of issues may prove contentious in the 5-plus-1 talks.
There are also limits to how far the Obama administration can go without Congressional authorization.
We are prepared to talk about what President Obama said in his address at the United Nations.
These moves failed to break a bitter budget standoff over President Obama's health care law.
The Obama administration and the Republican-controlled House had come close to failing to finance the government in the past.
Mr.Obama said such words in the White House briefing room as the clock ticked to midnight.
Mr Obama made a call to House Speaker John A.Boehner of Ohio.
He summed up Mr Obama's remarks as that he was not going to negotiate.
You have this group that keeps saying somehow if you're not with them, you’re for Obamacare.
At the Pentagon, President Obama delivered his last address commemorating the 184 victims there.
Lee Hsien Loong was the most direct in describing the damage to the summit meeting by Mr.Obama’s absence.
The Australian leader said it was a disappointment that Mr.Obama had canceled his trip.
President Obama offered an impassioned defense of the Affordable Care Act on Monday.
Mr.Obama promised that officials are working to fix the Web site.
Speaker John A.Boehner said in a statement after the president’s event that the administration is not prepared to be straight.
They have pushed to repeal or defund Mr.Obama’s signature health care law.
President Obama cancel a visit next week to Malaysia and the Philippines. 
Mr.Obama planned a mix of summit meetings and good-will visits itinerary for next week.
Obama savored a tropical afternoon and he said it reminded him of his early childhood in Indonesia.
A young Vietnamese man asked Mr. Obama about the failure of Congress to ratify the trade pact. 
He asked Mr. Obama whether the prospects for the agreement would be better or worse under a new president.
Though Mr. Obama was 8500 miles from Washington, he could not quite let go of election-year politics.
Obama expressed no misgivings about putting so much emphasis on Southeast Asia.
Obama has begun talking about what he will do after his presidency.
The Obama administration's cultivation of ties with Southeast Asia sets it apart from previous administrations.
In Vientiane, the capital, Mr. Obama toured an American-funded center that searches for explosives in the countryside.
Obama exchanged brief pleasantries with President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines.
He had said in an earlier telephone conversation with President Obama.
It is a remarkable turn for President Obama who had been pushing for a military strike on Syria.
President Obama canceled a trip to the region because of the government shutdown.
They need to cut federal spending or roll back parts of Obamacare.
The chaos of Syria could drive the Obama administration toward greater involvement.
In fact, China has given the Obama administration a chance to show that the rebalance to Asia remains real.
President Obama ordered standards tightened after the WikiLeaks revelations of 2010.
Obama administration tried frantically to mend relations with  allies after his revelations about American eavesdropping on foreign leaders.
A presidential advisory committee that has been examining the security agency’s operations submitted its report to Mr.Obama on Friday.
Mr.Obama announces which of the recommendations he has  embraced and which he has rejected.
But it is unclear whether Mr.Obama would make  such an amnesty.
The Obama administration took steps intended to prevent another government employee from downloading and disseminating large volumes of classified material.
In October 2011, Mr.Obama signed an executive order and established a task force.
The Obama administration don't want to see a decade of lost lives and treasure blown away.
President Obama will nominate Janet as chairwoman of the Federal Reserve on Wednesday, White House officials said Tuesday night.
Mr. Obama's first choice for the job is Lawrence, a former adviser to the president.
Since 2009, Mr. Obama had anticipated that he might eventually nominate Mr. Summers
In the first two years of Obama's presidency, Summers served as director of the National Economic Council.
They said that this is a coincidence that Obama led to the protracted.
The Libyans' consent marks a significant step forward for the Obama administration.
She said Mr.Obama told them he would be willing to trade something in exchange for their cooperation.
He was jealous of President Obama’s authority over sweeping intelligence programs.
He just inches from President Obama and other world leaders speaking at Nelson Mandela’s memorial.
Across the Atlantic, President Obama referred to the special relationship between Britain and the United States. 
Mr. Obama does not plan to meet with Mr. Putin, even though that would be typical with a summit host.
So far, the North Korean has conducted three nuclear tests, including two during the Obama administration.
President Obama on Tuesday laid down a retooled blueprint for America’s role in the strife-torn Middle East.
Mr.Obama insisted that the United States still played an exceptional role on the world stage.
Iran would insist on its right to enrich uranium, and he warned Mr.Obama to resist influence from warmongering pressure groups.
He also declined a chance to shake hands with Mr.Obama avoiding a much-anticipated encounter.
Mr.Obama mentioned Asia only once, as an exemplar of the kind of economic development that has eluded the Arab world.
They reiterated earlier statements about how the administration's preferred outcome is to reach a deal.
Mr.Obama is also pressing for an overhaul of immigration laws with a path to citizenship for those here illegally.
So she might be eligible for prosecutorial discretion, a policy the Obama administration has applied extensively to suspend deportations.
They were just more evidence that the Obama administration refuses to enforce our immigration laws.
Speaking of his inside track with Mr Kim, he also challenged Mr Obama to go to talk to him.
If you want this guy to be released, why don't you ask Obama?
For five years, President Obama has publicly struggled with the question.
His speech Tuesday at the United Nations signaled how what some have called the Obama Doctrine is once again evolving.
In his first term, that doctrine was defined by Mr Obama's comfort in confronting direct threats to the United States.
But at the United Nations, Mr Obama shared the conclusion. 
After ordering a troop increase in Afghanistan, President Obama eventually lost faith in the strategy.
Mr. Gates, a Republican holdover from the Bush administration who served for two years under Mr. Obama.
Mr. Obama began criticizing, sometimes emotionally, the way his policy in Afghanistan was playing out.
Mr. Obama opened with a blast of frustration, expressing doubts about David, the commander he had chosen.
This is the first book describing the Obama administration's policy deliberations written from inside the cabinet.
It was not long before Mr. Obama's inner circle tired of the defense secretary they initially praised as Yoda.
I was deeply uneasy with the Obama White House's lack of appreciation of the uncertainties and unpredictability of war.
Mr. Gates writes that Mr. Obama is approval for the Navy SEAL mission.
Conspicuously missing from Mr.Obama's top priorities was a strategy for a lasting solution in Syria.
What makes the task harder for Mr.Obama is a sense that American power in the region is diminished. 
Mr.Obama's own team has been deeply divided on when to intervene.
Mr.Obama will be willing to use force after five years of decidedly mixed experiences.
There the stakes are far higher, for Mr.Obama and for his closest ally in the region, Israel.
A White House spokeswoman said President Obama and his senior team were closely monitoring the situation.
He is the Obama administration has been trying to kill as part of a campaign using armed drones.
Brushing aside pleas and warnings from President Obama and other senior Americans, Russia granted Edward J.Snowden temporary asylum.
He accused the Obama administration of disregarding domestic and international law since his disclosures.
He has appeared increasingly impervious to entreaties from the United States even those directly from Mr. Obama.
Mr. Obama telephoned him last month to discuss Mr. Snowden’s case.
Mr. Putin has sought to avoid a personal confrontation with Mr. Obama over Mr. Snowden.
President Obama has canceled a planned summit meeting with the Russian president. 
A senior aide to Mr.Putin, said that Mr.Obama was still welcome to visit.
Mr.Obama travels to St.Petersburg, Russia, for a meeting of the Group of 20 economic summit meeting.
Mr.Obama will still travel to Russia for the economic discussions with other world leaders.
Several lawmakers in the United States had urged Mr.Obama to cancel the meeting.
Mr.Obama would instead add a two-day stop in Stockholm before the Group of 20 meeting.
President Obama made a warmly received policy speech to the Islamic world in Cairo in June 2009.
But four years later, the Obama administration’s influence has substantially waned.
As with all ambassadorial appointments, the recommendation needs to be approved by Mr.Obama.
Dating to his first appointments as president-elect, Mr.Obama has drawn suspicion from some elements of the left on economics.
Now, with the first talk of the post-Obama Democratic Party, liberal angst is starting to take form in Washington.
On Wednesday, the president began his travels by focusing on climate change in the American West. 
A review of what should be done to confront the Islamic State is on Obama's agenda Monday.
The federal government demanded a one-year delay of President Obama’s health care law.
House Republicans described their hour-and-a-half-long meeting with Mr.Obama as a useful and productive conversation. 
People familiar with the meeting said that Mr.Obama pressed Republicans to reopen the government.
The deal should mean the political focus can remain on Mr.Obama's health care law.
Which was said Jon M.Huntsman Jr., Mr.Obama's first ambassador to China.
The latest signs of the Obama administration’s concerns about mounting pressure from China on its neighbors.
The rule is part of President Obama’s growing effort to use E.P.A.regulations to crack down on coal pollution.
Against that backdrop, many legal scholars say Mr.Obama is proposing to violate international law.
In the United States, the Obama administration is moving forward with rules.
Mr. Obama and his closest aides have become increasingly disdainful of what they view as Washington's conventional wisdom.
In a speech announcing changes to the drone program in May, Mr.Obama admitted that mistakes had been made.
Several of the five-person advisory group of intelligence and legal experts have long connections to Mr.Obama.
Twenty Republicans, led by Speaker John A.Boehner, went to the White House at Mr.Obama’s invitation. 
Because the proposed attack is not covered by any of the previous precedents for the unilateral use of executive power.
Several former senior Obama administration officials said the agency drew on it for both Americans and foreigners.
A panel of outside advisers urged President Obama on Wednesday to impose major restrictions on the National Security Agency.
And maybe it's because Obama is not using his constitutional power very well.
Ms. Sherman said Mr. Obama's emphasis on nuclear nonproliferation made a visit to Hiroshima essential.
Mr.Xi, repeating a phrase he used at a meeting with Mr.Obama in Southern California last June.
Hillary Clinton joined Obama in renewing their previous calls for new controls on gun purchases.
He repeated the racially tinged smear of President Barack Obama for five years.
Both Thomas and Wendy said in interviews that Mr. Obama should visit Hiroshima. 
Mr Trump criticized the Obama administration for advocating the removal of the Syrian leader and Hosni Mubarak of Egypt.
It promoted the interview on Twitter, asking, what went wrong Obamacare website? 
He makes clear to a global television audience that he aims to use President Obama’s own red line against him.
They deserved to be bombed, and something Mr. Obama is also unlikely to do.
They shut down the government in hopes of gutting Mr.Obama’s signature domestic achievement, the Affordable Care Act. 
They had misgivings about Clinton, but could not bear to insult Obama.
He and Mr.Obama will attend the meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
He laid the blame for the rise of Islamic extremism on President Obama and Mrs Clinton.
The fact is that President Obama’s proposals would not have prevented any of the horrific events he mentioned.
Mr.Obama failed in his push for new gun laws three years ago.
If schedules permit, the campaign would like to organize another rally featuring Obama and Clinton side by side.
People couldn’t easily recall the last time they saw Obama wearing her hair natural.
There is not much hope that President Obama will do anything during his presidency.
Senate Democrats prevented the nomination of President Obama’s first choice, Lawrence Summers.
He is the public face of Mr. Obama’s health care overhaul.
Moscow and Damascus pull the rug out from under the feet of Obama.
The United States trying to reinvigorate President Obama’s shift to Asia.
The American people don’t want a government shutdown, and they don’t want Obamacare.
Secretary of State John Kerry sat in the chair reserved for President Obama.
On the other hand, Mr. Obama has made curbing the world's stockpile of nuclear weapons a signature issue.
Two leading senators have asked the Obama administration to warn South Korea.
Christina Romer is a former chairwoman of Mr.Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers and a close friend of Ms.Yellen.
Chris W.Cox accused Mr.Obama of engaging in political rhetoric instead of offering meaningful solutions.
Cass R.Sunstein is a Harvard Law School professor who served in the Obama White House.
The military faced a deadline set by the Obama administration three years ago.
John O.Brennan is one of Mr.Obama’s closest advisers before taking over the C.I.A.this year.
Geoffrey Stone is a constitutional law specialist at the University of Chicago Law School, where Mr.Obama once taught.
After some fretful weeks, the Democrats believe, Mr.Obama was seeing some payoff for his big gamble this year.
Or it is just a function of the Obama administration's reaction to events.
There is unease in South Korea, China and other Asian countries that Mr. Obama's visit to Hiroshima.
Mr.Obama encourage more domestic violence prosecutions and order better tracking of lost guns, officials said.
There have been other showdowns between Republican lawmakers and President Obama that went to the last minute.
Republicans have held up the votes on dozens of Mr.Obama’s pending nominees.
Republican leaders are anxious to keep the political focus on President Obama's health care law.
President Vladimir Putin of Russia, provided a possibly sardonic statement of sympathy for Mr. Obama.
One of the biggest challenges for Mr.Obama will be navigating the complicated personalities of leaders in Tokyo and Beijing.
There is not much that any foreigner can do about Mr. Obama's confrontation with the House speaker, John Boehner.
Even in Tokyo, there is some ambivalence about Mr. Obama's visit.
The schedule for a visit is particularly complicated for Mr. Obama.
But the novel circumstances, she said, led Mr.Obama to seek Congressional concurrence to bolster its legitimacy.
Obama has previously made the case for Clinton during campaign stops and in his speech at the Democratic National Convention.
The Obama administration decided almost two years ago to try to establish a strong relationship between the then-vice presidents.
Senator Ted Cruz’s crusade to dismantle President Obama’s health care law has helped cement his status. 
Conservatives focused on a law they could never undo as long as Mr.Obama is president. 
This is not a situation where you dig your heels in and Obamacare gets defunded. 
No matter what President Obama says, his word does not trump the second amendment.
A photo of Michelle Obama rockin’ her hair natural popped up on Twitter this week, unleashing lots of applause.
President Barack Obama on Tuesday called for a course correction in the march to an integrated world. 
The White House is deciding whether Mr. Obama will follow through.
Jay Carney, the White House press secretary, said that Mr.Obama supported the compromise reached by the Senate leaders. 
Everything the president has done can be overturned by a Republican president.
President Obama’s recent absence from the Asian summit meetings in Indonesia and Brunei.
President Obama condemned the repeated cases of gun violence across America.
President Obama ended the detention program as one of his first acts in the Oval Office.
President Obama gave a eulogy that stirred the crowd, only to be followed later by President Raúl Castro of Cuba.
President Obama intends to end that streak with his visit on Friday.
The Obama administration integrate women into all combat jobs by 2016 or ask for specific exemptions.
Mr. Obama has been overcome by emotion while talking about gun violence.
Obama made his valedictory address before the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
Mr.Obamaattempt to expand background checks without the explicit approval from lawmakers.
Mr. Obama struck a nuclear deal with the Iranians that he ranks among his greatest accomplishments.
President Obama canceled the meeting agenda because of the budget standoff with Republicans.
Mr. Obama broke down as he spoke about the young children shot to death in 2012.
Mr. Obama challenged long-held assumptions about relations with Cuba, Myanmar and Iran
Mr.Obama said that the world would not likely see the likes of Nelson Mandela again.
Obama said the United States and Europe were dealing with a rise of nativism, spurred by fears of mass migration.
Obama announced last week that he would quadruple it in size to more than half a million square miles.
The president wiped his eye and paused to regain his composure.
Mr. Obama made clear that he believed the United States had a unique role arising from Hiroshima.
Obama made clear that there were no better options to end the five-year civil war.
The modest steps Mr.Obama will announce stop well short of the type of large-scale changes to the gun trade.
Obama and Clinton would like to take guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens.
Mr. Obama also hopes a visit to Hiroshima will further his efforts to curb the world's stockpile of nuclear weapons.
Mr.Obama will hire more personnel to process background checks, direct officials to conduct more gun research.
Obama painted a picture of nations struggling with economic inequality, sectarian conflict and rising nationalism.
Mr.Obama vowed to seek new gun laws from Congress that would require background checks for all firearms purchases.
Mr.Obama has put the C.I.A.at the center of his strategy to kill militant suspects in Pakistan, Yemen and elsewhere.
The absence of Mr.Obama took some gravitas out of the conference.
Mr.Obama conceded that it won’t happen overnight, it won’t happen during this Congress, it won’t happen during my presidency.
Obama described Mr. Mandela as an influential, courageous and profoundly good man.
Mr. Obama has indicated that he plans to announce a range of changes.
Mr. Obama has made lowering the risks of nuclear attack a signature issue.
Mr.Kerryhad been scheduled to take Mr.Obama’s place on a visit to the Philippines on Friday.
Wright said Obama’s hair has been natural the last seven years.
The network reported that Obama has signed the contract, but some details were still being worked out.
The lecture fee Obama earned was equivalent to an entire year as president.
That placed Obama on the money train that caused his would-be successor Hillary problems in her presidential campaign.
Obama is following in the path of several other recent presidents.
Mr Obama vetoed the legislation on the basis that it would force former presidents to fire their support staff.
Mr Obama said that capping the expenses at this amount would cripple the initiatives of several former presidents.
Mr Obama and Michelle, his wife, have already signed a publishing deal for two separate books.
Mr Duterte last year called Barack Obama a son of a whore.
Hillary Clinton commanded about the same amount to Obama's for speeches to business and association groups.
He had not done with predecessors Barack Obama or George W Bush.
Former President Obama has inked a deal that will bank him $400,000 to speak to a Wall Street firm.
Eric, a senior adviser to Obama, said in a statement Wednesday.
During his time in the White House, Mr Obama vetoed a bill.
Congress may seek to cut the pension of Barack Obama. 
As we announced months ago, President Obama will deliver speeches from time to time.
And she is the top Pentagon official during the Obama administration.
A spokesman for Mr Obama dismissed the idea that in accepting the fee Mr Obama was compromising his principles.
Three months before congressional elections that could determine the fate of much of President Obamau2019s platform.
There's this guy Barack Obama who lost his first race for Congress.
Mrs. Obama later presented graduate diplomas on stage and posed for photos with graduates.
First lady Michelle Obama has some advice for some Tennessee high school graduates.
But Mrs. Obama lamented that not all students have the same opportunities.
But Michelle Obama said as an African American woman, her discussion with the African youth was deeply personal. 
In Washington, President Obama portrayed the agreement with Russia as a victory.
Mr. Obama avoided a potentially embarrassing defeat in Congress over the use of force in Syria.
President Obama won the support on Tuesday of Republican and Democratic leaders in the House for an attack on Syria.
Speaker John.Boehner, who with other Congressional leaders met Mr.Obama in the Oval Office.
Backers insisted on Thursday that it was a package that Mr Obama should be able to accept.
I told him directly, all these things they are doing on Obamacare are just a waste of their time.
John Boehner appealed to the Obama administration and Democratic leaders to help him resolve divisions in the Republican ranks. 
Obamacare is the most dangerous piece of legislation ever passed in Congress, said Representative John Fleming, Republican of Louisiana.
Nancy Pelosi said she supported the president and sent a letter to fellow Democrats urging that they fall into line.
Mr.Obama did not say was how long he was willing to wait.
As an alternative to force, Mr.Obama found himself trying to redefine the terms of the debate.
Mr.Obama dispatched Secretary of State John Kerry to Geneva for two days of negotiations with his Russian counterpart.
In testimony to Congress on Tuesday, he described the Obama administration’s position on the Russian plan.
Mr.Obama’s decision to work through the Security Council is itself a shift.
The House was considered the major obstacle for Mr.Obama in seeking approval for a strike.
President Obama has chosen an emissary who faithfully reflects his priorities with China. 
Obama still has a way to go to restock the talent bank he recruited in his first term.
Obama formally nominated Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana, as his new envoy. 
He served as Mr.Obama’s ambassador to China from 2009 to 2011.
That void is all the more notable given Mr.Obama’s much-advertised strategic shift to Asia.
Of several million who received cancellation notices, most should be able to obtain other coverage, the Obama administration says.
They have made the repeal of President Obama's health care law their central aim.
We have to deal with the people that are currently covered under Obamacare bill.
The enrollment figures may be well short of what the Obama administration had hoped for.
If Mr Obama's approval rating on health care is tepid, Congress's is abysmal.
Snowden should deserve lenience or the strict treatment the Obama administration or not.
For Mr.Obama — who in the past five years has grown dependent on the N.S.A.for countering terrorist threats.
Mr.Obama can deal with some of those issues by executive order, others would doubtless require congressional action.
Mr.Obama has already said that bulk collection of telephone records should continue.
Mr.Obama has said he welcomes the debate about the proper limits on the N.S.A..
Mr.Obama’s intelligence team insisted would be too cumbersome in halting attacks.
The Obama administration defends its record of engagement in the region.
To restrain the nsa, President Obama formed a panel of advisers.
The Obama administration made common cause with the House Republican leadership to try to block it.
James Jones is the retired Marine Corps general who was Mr Obama's national security adviser from 2009-2010.
He said if the Obama administration felt strongly about defending the program, Mr Obama would have spoken out personally.
Mr.Obama prepares to deliver a major economic address Wednesday in Illinois.
While Mr.Obama would like to keep the economic conversation lofty, his adversaries in Congress are already fighting in the trenches.
For the fiscal year that begins Oct.1, Mr.Obama requested nearly $3 billion for renewable energy and energy efficiency programs.
Mr.Obama has said he will not negotiate terms to raise the debt ceiling.
Mr. Putin, with a frigid smile, replied, the president Obama just wants to get me to relax.
Seven people have been charged with leaking information to the press for public consumption under the Obama administration.
Mr. Obama wants to make room for spending about $86 billion for one-time job-creation initiatives.
President Obama may cancel a scheduled trip to Moscow to meet with President Putin in September.
Mr. Obama was still going to Moscow before the G-20 meeting in St Petersburg.
But some critics have urged Mr. Obama to further take action.
President Obama, should you go to St Petersburg, Russia, for the G-20 summit?
It has also laid bare a divide over Iran policy between Congress and the Obama administration.
Early this month, the Obama administration received an overture for direct talks with Iran’s leaders.
President Obama on Wednesday nominated Caroline Kennedy to be ambassador to Japan.
Mr.Obama is keeping with a well-established tradition of rewarding important campaign supporters with plum embassies.
But Ms.Kennedy’s value to Mr.Obama has been less about money than mystique.
As the daughter of President Kennedy, her imprimatur on his candidacy in 2008 elevated Mr.Obama at a crucial moment.
It gave Ms.Kennedy lasting ties to Mr.Obama, something analysts said would come in useful in Japan.
The current ambassador to China, Gary Locke, was commerce secretary during Mr.Obama’s first term.
Her choice reflected the great importance the Obama administration attaches to the Japan-U.S.alliance.
John Roos is a lawyer and major fund-raiser for the president.
But the Japanese bridled when Mr.Obama skipped a meeting last month with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Mr.Obama’s other recent nominees fit a pattern of heavy contributors to his campaign.
In a week, President Obama tried to focus attention on the struggles of the middle class.
Mr.Obama, who this fall will choose a new chairman of the Federal Reserve to share economic stewardship.
Lawrence H.Summers was Mr.Obama’s former White House economic adviser and President Bill Clinton’s Treasury secretary.
Obama said he would announce his choice over the next several months.
Obama had three speeches on the economy last week — the next is scheduled for Tuesday in Chattanooga, Tenn.
Mr.Obama in the interview called for an end to the emphasis on budget austerity.
The president Obama did not say what his legislative strategy would be.
President Obama has indicated that he may cancel a trip to Russia in September.
Congressional Republicans fight with President Obama over the new health care law。
He and his leadership team had long felt that they needed to allow their restive conference to pitch a battle.
A fight that had been brewing almost since the law was passed in 2010.
The House's most ardent conservatives were determined to see through their war on the health care law.
We did not wage this long and contentious battle just around a Web site.
The North's patron was also unnerved by mounting evidence of an internal power struggle.
The budget fight showed that Congressional Republicans have divergent ideas about how to heed that advice.
Its themes typically fell into one of three categories, war, class struggle or socialist living.
The protest leaders appeared to be digging in for a long battle on the streets.
Some in his party are lobbying for a full-out political fight.
The two forces were combined in the struggle against the Turkish military's secular elite.
The stratrgy is to portray himself as fighting a criminal gang with links abroad.
Jang Song-thaek had engaged in a power struggle with Kim Jong-un over who would profit from North Korean exports.
Mr. Gates offers 600 pages of detailed history of his personal wars with Congress.
Mr. Gates describes his running policy battles within Mr. Obama's inner circle.
The purge of Jang Song-thaek was not the result of a power struggle.
This indicated that it was going to be an uphill struggle.
After retiring from his job as a security guard in 2011, Wahid often spent his days struggling against tedium.
Congressional Republican leaders conceded defeat Wednesday in their budget fight with President Obama over the new health care law.
China and Russia used the fight against terrorism to crack down on Muslim minorities.
It was rived by a power struggle between the African National Congress and the Inkatha Freedom Party.
A power and policy struggle might be playing out behind the public displays of mass solidarity.
Within this country that is extremely poor and nuclear armed, there will be a struggle for economic and other policies.
The current government was also in a battle it could never fully win.
An air of revolution still hangs over the streets of Libya’s capital, Tripoli.
Those of us who took part in the struggle expected the speedy establishment of an egalitarian society.
The committee carried out a year long battle with the C.I.A.over the release of the panel’s own exhaustive report.
It is also considered a key partner in the counterterrorism fight.
His tireless struggle for freedom earned him the respect of the world.
He was the symbol of the struggle to end South Africa’s brutally codified system of racial domination.
His hope was that they would realize the fight was not worth having again.
All these charges against him were made in the process of fighting for poor people.
Mr.Mandela’s near saintly legacy from the years of struggle has been eroded.
Mr. Mandela’s exploits in the armed strugglem have been somewhat mythologized.
But despite his youthful good looks, Kennedy was battling a variety of ailments.
We thought we were part of the civil rights struggle, definitely.
Struggle could destabilize its already troublesome ally and possibly increase the American military presence in the region.
China, the North’s longtime patron, was also unnerved by growing evidence of an internal power struggle.
When you fight against reality, you get bloody in a battle of what ifs and denial.
Struggling with problems is a natural part of growing.   
Nobody wins in a fight, even if you walk away unscathed. 
It is between good and evil, the good of socialism against the evil of capitalism, and the good shall triumph.
But before we get there, we’re engaged in a struggle between good and evil.
Are they reminding you an urban hell-hole ravaged by warring factions?
The set of issues for international vessels have found themselves struggling against unfavorable ice and weather conditions in Antarctica.
It also includes a European Union official involved in antitrust battles with American technology businesses.
Senior officials in both countries described this as an existential struggle.
In a new sign of a profound power struggle over Turkey’s judiciary and police forces.
The dueling realities of Thailand’s grinding political turmoil were vividly on display on Sunday.
I want them to know how impossible that fight must have seemed, but the suffragettes fought it anyway, and won.
They know their struggle lies along the outer edge of the accepted social protests for women.
Tokyo easily defeated Istanbul and Madrid to be named host of the Summer Games for a second time.
She attends the buildingwide barbecues, where gourmet ice-cream sandwiches are handed out.
There have been efforts, notably from China, the host of the six-party talks, to resume them.
The flame is then transported to the host country and sent on the relay, passed from torch to torch.
Ms.Warren will host a Boston-area event next month for Senator Mark Begich of Alaska.
So far, the C.G.A.has teamed with corporations to host tournaments, teach golf in primary schools.
The logistical challenge of being a host of summits meetingsis not the only problem for Myanmar.
The organizers went all out, shelling out $4 million on arrangements, CNN reported. 
It is led by the British council and the great Britain campaign. 
This is Laos’s historical-diplomatic strategy,  to not be tied too closely to any one patron or protector.
So it's a really interesting moment in terms of how regional and global diplomacy is playing into the hydropower sector.
Kenneth G.Lieberthal, a top China adviser during the Clinton administration, said that diplomatically, it's very harmful.
Mr Obama has strengthened the diplomatic relations with the Philippines and Malaysia for different reasons.
Clinton's first trip in the post was to Asia, and he led the drive to open diplomatic ties to Myanmar.
But in the diplomatic struggle for influence in Asia, a dysfunctional Washington plays to the short-term advantage of China.
He is a professor in Korean studies at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
The two diplomats expressed satisfaction with the progress of the destruction of chemical weapons in Syria by international disarmament inspectors.
The two diplomats said they would push for a November start for a Geneva conference.
It is undermining his broader effort to put Asia at the heart of American foreign policy.
He has made engagement with Southeast Asia a top priority of his foreign policy.
The courts hold that the president's constitutional power over foreign affairs can be used to terminate trade agreements.
The diplomatic maneuvering over Syria came amid another drama at the United Nations. 
The meeting was led by the European Union’s foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton.
Sartaj Aziz is the adviser to the prime minister on national security and foreign affairs.
The French Foreign Ministry summoned the U.S. ambassador Charles H Rifkin.
He held a meeting with officials of the Ministry of foreign affairs.
Probably the most serious diplomatic breach was the revelation in September.
Mr. Netanyahu has embarked on the public-diplomacy campaign of his career.
Mr. Netanyahu appears out of step with a growing Western consensus toward reaching a diplomatic deal.
He is action-averse but diplomatically deft, in his element behind a lectern or in front of a camera.
He is increasingly a one-man show in Israel, doubling as his own foreign minister.
The deal would amount to the most significant international diplomatic initiative of the Syrian civil war.
He seemed less a diplomat or grand strategist than a kindly but stern uncle.
The vice president's personal diplomacy may have also breathed some life into the Obama's strategic pivot to Asia.
They would need to evaluate risks to the diplomatic and economic relations with the targeted countries.
He was a veteran diplomat who has served in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.
In Beijing, a foreign ministry spokesman, Hong Lei, said China's defense zone was fully in compliance with international law.
It would much prefer to diplomatically isolate Japan, but it has set back its chances of doing that.
But time will tell us whether the short-term diplomatic pain will give China the long-term strategic gain it wants.
It had also received 500,000 euros to help with its national digital diplomacy strategy.
Kosovo has sought to cast the facebook changes as a diplomatic coup.
President took time this month for a meeting with the longtime foreign minister of Iraq.
They were field their own army and intelligence service and conduct their own foreign policy.
The diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, the deputy consul general in New York, was arrested last Thursday.
Indian officials have demanded that the embassy commissary stop importing liquor.
They have demanded that diplomatic identification cards for consular staff members and their families be returned.
Ms.Harf acknowledged that the State Department’s diplomatic security officials had played a role in Ms.Khobragade’s detention.
She planned to challenge the arrest on grounds of diplomatic immunity.
The Obama administration decided last week to close nearly two dozen diplomatic missions.
One Western diplomat, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said his embassy had received reports.
Two recent diplomatic ventures have raised speculation about a possible back channel between Washington and Tehran.
The credible threat of military force has been key to driving diplomatic progress.
Lee Sung-yoon is a North Korea specialist at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
Hours later, Iran’s newly elected president, Hassan Rouhani, echoed the call for diplomacy.
The spotlight swung back to the grinding work of diplomacy that awaits Iran and the United States.
Mr.Obama has employed a foreign policy that has at times seemed improvisational and, in view of many critics, irresolute.
The president has sought to refocus American foreign policy on Asia.
Referring to the moderate statements of Mr.Rouhani, Mr.Obama sounded a cautiously optimistic tone about diplomacy.
The roadblocks may prove to be too great, but I firmly believe the diplomatic path must be tested.
Diplomats at the United Nations push for a peace conference to end Syria's civil war.
A western diplomat said that about 80 percent of the resolution had been agreed to.
But the corruption investigation poses a challenge that analysts and some Western diplomats believe could be even greater.
Syria's pledge came after intense Russian and American diplomacy that averted United States military action.
This gave his national security team a respected professional and veteran of decades at the center of American foreign policy.
He has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades.
He is the chairman of the south Korean parliament, which governs diplomacy and the commission on north Korea.
For now, Egyptian political figures and diplomats say they are passing messages between the two camps.
They say diplomats privately express sympathy and even call Mr.Morsi’s ouster a military coup.
Mr.Rouhani’s choice for foreign minister, Javad Zarif, raised the most eyebrows.
It has withdrawn its diplomatic staff in the capital of Sana due to increased security concerns.
The Obama administration decided to close nearly two dozen diplomatic missions and issue a worldwide travel alert.
It is widely assumed here that any decision with such potentially severe diplomatic consequences would require approval from the Kremlin.
He also is taking on the conventional wisdom in much of the American foreign policy establishment.
The ambassadorial pick for Cairo has emerged as one of the most important diplomatic assignments for President Obama.
On Monday, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman, Hong Lei, commended the American move as showing a constructive attitude.
It emerged again Wednesday in Washington during what was billed as a major foreign policy speech.
China’s foreign minister, Wang Yi, who hosted the conference in Beijing last week on nuclear talks.
The Chinese Foreign Affairs Ministry has not mentioned the encounter of cruisers in regular news briefings.
A spokeswoman for China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Hua Chunying, said the government welcomed the agreement in Washington.
China Institute of International Studies is a research organization in Beijing financed by the Foreign Ministry.
Avis Bohlen,a career diplomat who served as Mr.Bolton's deputy before her retirement.
The charges expose shameful and systemic corruption among Russian diplomats in New York.
Many of the diplomats and spouses were cheating the Medicaid program.
These programs were never about terrorism and they’re about economic spying, social control and diplomatic manipulation.
The ban is the latest in Russia's escalating trade disputes with countries it is at odds with on foreign policy.
The diplomat also said that he yearned for the South's freedom and democracy. 
President Vladimir V. Putin gave a sharp rebuff to the West in the diplomatic wrangle over Ukraine.
Used extensively in the Soviet era, political murders are again playing a prominent role in the Kremlin’s foreign policy.
In Moscow, the Foreign Ministry declined a request for comment. 
Ri Su-yong's elevation in theory makes him the supervisor of North Korea's foreign policy.
When asked about the missile-defense sale to Turkey, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said these words. 
This was said an administration official, who insisted on anonymity to discuss a delicate diplomatic matter. 
The senior administration official requested anonymity because it involved a sensitive diplomatic issue.
Analysts and former diplomats said that reassuring Japan of America’s commitment to the region was particularly important.
A diplomatic conclave intended to set the stage for the Group of 7 meeting this month.
We have many claims against American diplomats in Moscow, but we don't air them out in public.
We need to ensure that our intelligence resources are most effectively supporting our foreign policy and national security objectives.
The first challenge is how we can adjust Myanmar’s foreign policy.
A default would have been an economic blow to the Chinese government and a political and diplomatic migraine, too.
Diplomacy should be about extending hands, not picking pockets in the host country.
A ministry spokesman, Hua Chunying, urged Japan to honestly reflect on its history of aggression.
The spokesman at the ministry, Hong Lei, described it as a zone of cooperation, and not confrontation.  
Diplomacy will not be as easy as the raising of embassy flags.
Outside analysts who had predicted openness and diplomatic compromise under his young leadership had a surprise in store.
Turkey has prepared to take a more aggressive diplomatic role in Syria.
It set off a diplomatic episode until Beijing released the American crew and sent the plane back, broken into parts.
He said his office had been advised that the defendants all had diplomatic immunity, so none had been arrested.
He is declining to talk about the diplomatic discussions between Washington and South Korea.
He had served as a vice foreign minister under the other Mr. Ri.
Whomever is in the government, whomever has diplomatic status with us, we can talk about arms sales with them.
Ruan Zongze is a prominent Chinese diplomat who is a vice president of the China Institute of International Studies.
Myanmar’s government will have to balance the nation’s diplomacywith leadership of Asean.
To help out, Myanmar has asked diplomats from Singapore, Thailand and South Korea for advice.
Robert Menendez is the chairman of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee.
The General Assembly is the arena where largely symbolic diplomatic jousts are won and lost.
Ri Yong-ho is a career North Korean diplomat familiar to American and South Korean officials.
After an afternoon of discussions, Kerry and the Philippine foreign secretary, Albert F.del Rosario appeared at a joint news conference.
In July, the Brazilian Senate’s committee on foreign relations and defense unanimously recommended granting asylum to Mr. Snowden.
Washington declined to send a senior official to the conference, instead sending a diplomat from the United States Embassy.
The government had learned that Ri Yong-ho had been appointed foreign minister.
For decades, American diplomats largely avoided Hiroshima and Nagasaki or any official remembrance of the attacks.
A statement by foreign and trade ministers painted a fairly gloomy economic forecast.
For Mr. Putin, the jousting over Ukraine is the latest of several foreign policy moves.
A cable quoted a top Japanese diplomat as calling a visit to Hiroshima premature and any apology a nonstarter.
But that it was not suitable for the Brazilian government nor the Foreign Ministry to respond.
But diplomats in The Hague said officials in Washington had circulated a document.
A high-ranking North Korean diplomat who was based in Britain has defected to South Korea.
But the deputy foreign minister, Sergei Ryabkov, told news organizations that he was surprised by the charges.
One spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said that it was monitoring the reaction to Mr. Snowden’s letter.
Mr. Obama has sought to make fundamental changes in foreign policy.
The Nobel Prize-winning poet and diplomat Pablo Neruda was found dead in the aftermath of Chile’s 1973 military coup.
There is a growing awareness in some parts of the German government the foreign ministry more than the finance ministry.
Doubtlessly, the president’s advisers would prefer to present them as foreign policy realism.
Ben Cardin is the top Democrat on the Senate foreign relations committee.
The UK’s Foreign Office has been sidelined ahead of the Brexit negotiations.
Compared to indoor conversations, outdoor conversations could lead to more hostile interactions.
On Tuesday evening, Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee agreed on a resolution.
John Kerry answered sharp questions and defended the administration’s strategy for Syria in nearly four hours.
Yet for now at least, the debate will focus on the language of diplomacy.
Administration officials, lawmakers and diplomats all expressed doubts about the Russian plan.
Moreover, the diplomatic efforts ,which began after Russia’s foreign minister, Lavrov, announced his proposal on Monday , quickly ran into trouble.
The Russian government has called for a diplomatic resolution to the standoff.
It is clear to me, however, that there is nothing diplomatic about his trip.
Russia's Foreign Ministry issued a statement on Monday denouncing provocative appeals by terrorists like Mr.Umarov.
There is no diplomacy, only games, and at my brother's expense.
Tonkin is a former British diplomat who is the chairman of Network Myanmar, which monitors politics in Myanmar.
The names of some political and diplomatic leaders have previously emerged as targets.
The ministry’s statement on Tuesday reiterated another one of the announcements made the day before.
The FBI is working with the state department's diplomatic security service and the San Francisco police department.
Kirby said, as expected, no career diplomats serving as ambassadors had been asked to resign by the transition team.
The order could leave the United States without Senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like Germany, Canada and Britain.
He is aiming to break up many of his predecessor's signature foreign and domestic policy achievements.
Diplomats told the New York Times that the order has thrown their personal lives into a tailspin.
India has lodged a diplomatic protest with Australia over an advert depicting the Hindu god Ganesha enjoying lamb.
Or it could try to undermine them by slowing their connections with trading platforms outside China.
Making it clear that weeks of public and private diplomacy had gone nowhere.
Western diplomats said the release of imprisoned Brotherhood leaders could also reassure the Islamists of fair treatment in the future.
None of Mr.Obama’s other diplomatic appointments are likely to draw the attention that Ms.Kennedy’s has.
The Foreign Ministry of South Korea said it was closely monitoring the court cases.
Ms. Park issued the warning when she met the leaders of opposition political parties.
China and Russia and opposition parties in South Korea called for talks with North Korea.
The opposition leaders joined Ms.Park in condemning the North Korean nuclear test.
Beijing has opposed the system, saying that its powerful radar would be used to track China’s missiles.
The across-the-board budget cuts extracted in the 2011 fiscal showdown remained in place over the objections of some Democrats.
They  will face intense pressure to oppose a debt limit bill that does not include any Republican policy priorities.
Mr.McCain, another frequent bridge between the two parties, said Tuesday that he would vote no.
The war is driven by government hard-liners, rebel extremists and anger over the deaths of more than 100,000 people.
Most share a horror of extremist Islamist groups in the armed opposition.
It is not necessary to travel to rebel-held suburbs to find supporters or sympathizers of the insurgency.
Government supporters and opponents interact and even socialize within the relatively safe space of Damascus.
The government opponent denounced Damascus intellectuals for ceding leadership of the rebellion to armed groups.
Resentment between those who fled and those who stayed also suffuses the opposition.
Mr.Obama has previously expressed his opposition to proposals by Mr.Trump to ban Muslim immigration.
The possibility that it will be reinstated has drawn sharp disapproval from an unlikely coalition of critics.
They include jihadist commanders and business leaders, albeit for entirely different reasons.
Demonstrators have been rallying against the government of the president for more than two weeks.
The opposition groups were fighting against the government of President Bashar.
Those countries were early and eager supporters of Syrian rebel groups.
I voted against Vice Chairman Yellen's original nomination to the Fed in 2010.
In the face of opposition from the Democratic senators, the latter withdrew from the competition in September 15th.
Mr. Obama's loyalty to Mr. Summers pitted him this summer against many progressives in his party's base.
In the Senate, she is not likely to face much opposition from Democrats.
Are you like us and wondering where the fight against Obamacare went?
His role as Russia’s leading opposition politician was highlighted by an unexpectedly strong showing in Moscow’s mayoral election last month.
The political opposition first raised the charge of illegal electioneering during the presidential campaign last year.
Last month, the spy agency arrested a far-left nationalist opposition lawmaker.
As worries rise, the opposition says the government is manipulating the statistics.
Tony Pua said he had no confidence at all that the figures were accurate.
They have waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state with bases in Iraq.
He has largely neutered the political opposition and pursued a conservative political course.
He urged opposition politicians to wait for presidential elections in 2015 to challenge him.
The contest pits Mr. Rudd, of the Labor Party, against Tony Abbott, the leader of the conservative opposition Liberal-National coalition.
The same poll showed Labor trailing the opposition coalition, 54 percent to 46 percent.
Right now, the easy Republican vote looks like the vote against Obama.
Rebel forces have never penetrated the major military installations of Mount Qasioun.
Government ministries provide some data, but they are out of touch with branches in some rebel-held areas.
More than 2,600 miles from Moscow, Krasnoyarsk has often been a destination of exile for political opponents by Russia’s rulers.
When Mr Mittal tried to acquire land to start his schools, he faced opposition from villagers. 
Some of the country's most powerful rebel groups publicly abandoned the opposition's political leaders.
Another more extreme Al Qaeda group carved out footholds across parts of Syria, frequently clashing with mainline rebels.
Those who signed included three groups aligned with the Western-backed opposition's supreme military council.
The profile is of the moderate Syrian political opposition, which is led by Ahmad al-Jarba.
The United States and its allies have been reluctant to fully align with and arm the rebels.
His coalition is formally known as the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces.
The diverse and fractured nature of the opposition fighters has raised questions.
Noah Bonsey studies the Syrian opposition for the International Crisis Group.
Inside Syria, rebel groups that originally formed to respond to crackdowns by Mr Assad's forces on political protests.
The coalition has loose links to many of the rebel fighters on the ground.
The rebel groups that assailed the political opposition are themselves diverse.
Mr.Gulen was said to have opposed the government's activist foreign policy in the Middle East.
He was particularly opposed to the government's support for the Syrian opposition.
He accused the Alevis, interest rate lobbies, opposition powers and international power groups for organizing the protests.
Other elements of his platform are expected to be opposed by powerful interests in the city's corporate classes.
But its application of strict Islamic law has isolated rebels and civilians.
At the same time, though, he made it clear that no real opposition leader would be allowed to emerge.
His decisions always are opposed by his political advisers or that would be unpopular with his fellow Democrats.
Mr. Obama conceded vaguely that opposition to the Iraq surge had been political.
The Syrian rebels posed casually, standing over their prisoners with firearms pointed down at the shirtless and terrified men.
They kept their faces pressed to the dirt as the rebels' commander recited a bitter revolutionary verse.
He deposed Mr.Morsi after millions of people marched against the president’s rule.
He had been told in briefings that half of the opposition fighters were extremists.
The United States has said it seeks policies that would strengthen secular rebels and isolate extremists.
They belatedly addressed the problem after the family raised its objections.
There were people who argued against the building of the motorways in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Mohammad Reza Nematzadeh is now strictly opposed to involvement by that organization in the economy.
They say the parallels often cited by the president's opponents are exaggerated.
All this is going on under our noses, without provoking any objection or challenge from other citizens.
Those senators were opposed to the policy of filling the vacant ambassador post in Mr.Assad’s Syria
As opposition built to Mr.Assad, Ambassador Ford visited the restive city of Hama in July 2011.
He later became the chief American envoy to the Syrian opposition, a position he still holds now.
They have gained a reputation over the past several months as some of the most effective in the opposition.
It was the fear of militants coming to dominate the opposition.
The Syrian government, has seized new momentum and retaken territory in the south and east from the rebels.
It is a heavy blow to the Western-backed Syrian opposition and its military arm, the Free Syrian Army.
This idea has made the prospect of full-on American support even more remote than it already was.
The final vote was 367 for impeachment, 137 against and 7 abstaining and two deputies did not vote.
Leaders of the three opposition parties who are coordinating the protest said the demonstrations would continue.
The president’s Republican opponents have accused him of waging a war on coal.
Members of the main opposition party, the Democrat Party, resigned en masse from Parliament on Sunday, joined the street protesters.
The lethal conflict between Egypt’s military-backed government and its Islamist opponents escalated on Monday.
Opposition parties can only succeed in Russia when the turnout is high.
A single senator could slow action well past the Sept.30 shutdown deadline.
It's Thailand's oldest party and the main force behind the country's political opposition. 
At an extraordinary session,Mr.Bustani was ousted by a vote of 48 to 7,with 43 abstentions.
With the country’s economy stalling, opposition to the protests here has not necessarily fomented new support for Mr.Yanukovich.
Voting against the authority in more traditional, rural areas of Russia is still something of a revolution.
Heritage Action came out against the deal even before it was announced, as did Americans for Prosperity.
Salim Idris, the leader of the military wing of the moderate Syrian opposition, formally known as the Supreme Military Council.
Many viewed the clashes in Kiev as jostling between Mr.Yanukovich’s clan of politicians and ambitious opposition members.
Top Western diplomats and opposition leaders have called on Ukraine’s president, Viktor F. Yanukovich, to respect public sentiment.
I have fought against white domination, and I have fought against black domination.
Internet messages berates government critics, including opposition presidential candidates, as shills for North Korea.
The protests gave the Islamists some leverage by harassing the government.
Surveys showed that 98 or 99 percent of people opposed it.
She has been mocked by the opposition in Parliament as not intelligent.
It also includes other areas where the opposition has traditionally been strong.
He has signed two letters from national security officials opposing Mr Trump's candidacy.
Was it any wonder that he no longer had any qualms about voting against the African National Congress?
They have a tendency to treat rival parties as verging on treasonous.
They are leading proponents of opposing views about the rationality of financial markets.
They are against allowing Huawei to build next-generation network for the capital city of Seoul.
They were aimed at launching round-table talks between the government and the democratic opposition and civil society.
He led a party that had fought an armed insurgency against the apartheid government.
His administration would speak out against the horrible practice of honor killings.
Although Mr.Assad won a few important victories, he has still not pushed the rebels from the Damascus suburbs.
Steve said he would never waver from his pledge to oppose Mr. Trump to the end.
Saudi Arabia’s deep-rooted hostility to its Shiite rival for leadership of the Islamic world.
If Senate hard-liners object, the Senate would have to wait until Friday, then muster 60 votes to cut off debate.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, a strong nationalist, has vowed to stand firm against any Chinese encroachments.
Mr. Putin, perceiving an intrusion into his country’s affairs, campaigned hard against the measure.
However, that doctrine, known as collective self-defense, has run into stiff public opposition.
Ms.Park defeated her main opposition rival, Moon Jae-in, by roughly a million votes in the election.
Nelson Mandela, South Africa’s first black president and an enduring icon of the struggle against racial oppression, died on Thursday.
The United States strongly opposes the use of intimidation, coercion or aggression to advance territorial claims.
Even a small Buddhist political party within Mr.Abe’s own ruling coalition opposed it.
Mr.Abhisit, of the opposition Democrat Party, denied all the charges in the brief court hearing.
China agreed to the United Nations sanctions after the North conducted a nuclear test this year over Chinese objections.
The Cambodian opposition continues to boycott Parliament over allegations of widespread electoral fraud in July elections.
Even before the chemical weapons attack on Aug.21, his military was effectively locked in a stalemate with the opposition.
South Korea has not issued a formal statement either for or against Mr. Obama's visit to Hiroshima.
The National Rifle Association cited the lower official numbers this year in a fact sheet opposing safe storage laws.
Republicans raced to social media to declare their unshakable opposition to Mr. Trump.
Philippine nationalists objected to the continued presence of American forces after the Cold War had ended.
People who opposed the death squad will be deemed as enemies.
Opposition lawmakers said they now expected the action to shift onto the street.
The opposition members were trying to vault into power by co-opting student movements.
The rebels have no air power, and the devastation in Aleppo has been greater on the rebel-held side.
The opposition alliance’s plans to try again this Friday appeared to set the stage for more.
At the heart of the opposition’s protests is a growing skepticism about Thai democracy.
The opposition has been deeply frustrated by its inability to win elections against the powerful political machine.
Opposition lawmakers have called a smear campaign against President Park Geun-hye’s opponents before her election in December.
The opposition has repeatedly said that Mr.Thaksin has maintained power through vote buying.
And his main concern was always just getting rid of anyone who opposed him.
But it remained unclear Monday whether the opposition would boycott them, as they have in the past.
The Treasury’s debt limit on terms significantly reduced from their original push against funding for the health care law.
Mr.Obama has already hinted that he objects to the absence of any adversarial procedures in front of the court’s judges.
As Mr.Bustani tells the story,the campaign against him began in late 2001.
Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi had failed to neutralize the Islamist opposition even after arresting its leadership. 
Tatyana Kolomychenko, 55, said that she felt sympathy for student protesters, whom she called puppets of the opposition.
In 2002,the U.S.was determined to oppose Iraq joining the convention against the weapons.
The problem of opposition on the streets will be real and will have to be faced down. 
I'm not even against the occasional smack from parents to instil discipline.
You need to listen to someone that you don't agree with.
We hope that you won't object to our inserting such a clause in the agreement.
The Employer may object to and require the Contractor to replace forthwith any of its authorized representatives who is incompetent.
Human cloning has been condemned by some of its most articulate opponents.
A miracle is making one friend who will still stand by your side when thousands are against you. 
The group fighting in Zamboanga has said part of its motivation was opposition to the 2012 deal.
When Mr. Assad accepted Arab League monitors in late 2011 and early 2012, he also intensified his crackdown on opponents.
Shortly afterward he began the large-scale bombardments of rebel-held areas, like the Baba Amr neighborhood of Homs.
Opponents of Mr. Assad expressed worry that the effort to eliminate the chemical weapons might stall or be evaded.
It is not accompanied by significantly increased military aid to the rebels.
Samir is a member of the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, the main opposition group in exile.
Seeing the diplomacy advancing quickly without them, the opposition coalition moved to take action to secure its position.
It said that a cabinet that would administer areas nominally under rebel control would be chosen within two weeks.
It announced that a Kurdish political coalition had joined the rebel, possibly broadening its appeal.
Representative Steny Hoyer of Maryland, the Democratic whip, promised to hold his members against the Cantor plan.
Even in the face of widespread opposition, Mr.Obama made an impassioned case for a retaliatory strike.
Only a handful of Republicans were yes votes, and at least 15 Democrats were likely to vote no.
But this is the first time he has witnessed such a mass movement against elections.
Elections, which are accepted as international standards of democratic systems, are heavily opposed like this.
People in other countries have opposed elections, sometimes on security grounds.
They are opposed to elections, in effect demanding less democracy, not more.
They have been at the forefront of growing protests against Mr.Hun Sen’s authoritarian government.
The opposition party and many independent monitoring organizations said were deeply flawed.
Because of the violence, the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party withdrew on Friday from planned talks with the government.
The opposition party said the violence against both the garment workers and monks taking part in the protests.
The labor movement to increase wages in the sector is closely aligned with the political opposition to Mr.Hun Sen’s government.
The crew members staged a maritime protest against Russia’s first offshore oil rig in the Arctic.
The conference amid growing criticism from the South Korean opposition that she had not been communicating enough with the public.
It showed that Sudan is on one side against the other.
At the same time, both sides began to come together for an international campaign against the young sunni militants.
Despite the growing opposition, Mr Hun sen has formed a new government.
The Cambodian opposition has boycotted parliament and called for fresh elections.
In July, Mr.Hun Sen’s party claimed victory in disputed elections that the opposition.
The opposition and many independent oversight bodies say the elections are deeply flawed.
People feel more free to join protests and to identify themselves as part of the opposition.
There is basically no objection to the demolition itself, because these old houses have been in disrepair.
The workers have been at the forefront of growing protests against Mr.Hun Sen’s government.
Mr.Hun Sen’s party claimed victory in July elections, which the opposition and independent observers say were riddled with irregularities.
Since then, the opposition has called for him to step down and has boycotted Parliament.
The opposition staged a protest march of tens of thousands of people through the streets of Phnom Penh.
The square has been the center of protests led by the opposition since the elections in July.
Despite strong community opposition, the city’s Landmarks Preservation Commission approved the cantilever in October.
Developers will raise hell, but the move would not stop sky-high buildings from going up.
On Saturday, Iran's supreme leader, Khamenei, stated that he was not opposed to talks over certain issues. 
He added more privacy protections to government surveillance programs even as he begged the House to oppose blanket restrictions.
Political opposition parties recently added two critics of nuclear power to the regulatory group.
The US and most of the other nuclear powers have opposed such a treaty.
The largest opposition group, the Democratic Party, suffered a humbling setback.
Leaders of the opposition said they rejected the preliminary results of Sunday’s election.
Leaders of the opposition accused the authoritarian government of Prime Minister Hun Sen of large-scale cheating.
The governing party would not be able to form a new government without the cooperation of the opposition.
Russia’s most prominent opposition leader was sentenced to five years in prison on Thursday for embezzlement.
Opposition members would be banned from government-controlled television, overwhelmingly the most powerful influence on public opinion.
He was imprisoned in 2005 after he began backing independent political parties to oppose the Kremlin.
Opposition politicians immediately called for Mr. Berlusconi to resign out of respect for a Parliament.
The House followed suit a few hours later, voting 285 to 144 to approve the Senate plan.
This plan would fund the government through Jan.15 and raise the debt limit through Feb.7.
Most House Republicans opposed the bill, but 87 voted to support it.
Congress should have passed a bill to fund the government without policy strings attached weeks ago.
But 57 minutes later, and with almost no debate, the Senate killed the House health care provisions.
The meeting disposed of a weekend budget proposal by the House Republicans.
Mr Reid called on the speaker Boehner to put the Senate bill up to the House for a vote.
The proposal would almost certainly pass because of backing from moderate Republicans.
Versions of both of those proposals are in Mr. Obama's budget for the current fiscal year.
He did not refer to the majority party's proposals in his own remarks.
Mr Trump combined old vows to seize Middle Eastern oil fields with the announcement of a series of new. 
He and his besieged band of House Republicans have trotted out a new gambit almost every day.
The Senate is expected to reject decisively a House bill passed over the weekend.
That bill would raise the American debt limit before the government hits its borrowing limit.
Boehner said Sunday that his Republican members would not accept a clean bill, with no conditions.
But a bloc of 43 House Republicans undercut the speaker's deficit-reduction focus, introducing one-year long funding legislation. 
But proposals have met opposition from critics who worry that such laws would infringe on the First Amendment.
Mr Reid called the succession of proposals juvenile political games and suggested that many Republicans had lost touch with reality.
Labor leaders called a national strike last week because of anger over the government’s latest minimum wage proposal.
Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, is pushing what he calls the empowering patients first act. 
Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, is preparing his own health insurance plan for release early next year.
It is unclear that Ayotte or Johnsonm will prevail, given the deep opposition among rank-and-file Republicans.
Thein Sein's comments come after it offered a list of proposed amendments to the Constitution.
Negotiations for a proposed agreement between Germany and the United States on spying rules have recently stalled for several reasons.
Representative Rogers of Michigan, the chairman of the House intelligence committee, promised lawmakers he would draft legislation this fall.
The amendment to the annual Defense Department spending bill turned Democrat against Democrat and Republican against Republican.
The U.S.House of Representatives’ bipartisan vote today proposal should be a wake-up call for the White House. 
The labor and health measure, for years the most contentious spending bill.
Legislation that would impose the toughest sanctions to date on Iran has been scheduled for a vote in the House.
Proponents of the legislation say that with 376 sponsors, it is expected to pass the House easily.
She expected the debate on the bipartisan legislation to begin on Wednesday, with a vote most likely on Thursday.
Many of the bill’s sponsors did not anticipate Mr.Rouhani’s surprise victory in Iran’s election on June 14.
The legislation’s sponsors understand that Iran has a negotiation strategy based on brinkmanship.
Even as he spoke, House Republicans were pushing measures in the opposite direction.
The subsidies helped him lower his own costs and sell apartments at higher prices because of their reduced taxes.
It is impossible to assess how much Trump pays in personal or corporate income taxes.
The tax breaks for those two projects alone totaled $157 million.
The tax break at the 44-story Trump International Hotel and Tower at Columbus Circle came to $15.9 million.
But Trump insisted that the project was not viable without a tax break from the city.
In pressing for government approval, Trump proved to be the quintessential insider, at least through his father.
If you don’t give me an exemption I’ll have you fired.
City officials initially estimated the tax break on the Hyatt was worth $4 million a year to Trump.
The combined value of the forgiven taxes is $359.3 million, with four years left on the abatement.
Trump said the tax break did what it was supposed to do.
To reach accord by Dec.13 on a long-term blueprint for tax and spending policies over the next decade.
Most people buying coverage on insurance market will receive subsidies through generous tax credits.
Another is to exempt some people from the tax penalties that apply to those who go without insurance.
He also instituted an online tax payment system to prevent graft.
It's the agreement that abolished tariffs between the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Leaving the World Trade Organization would immediately allow other countries to raise the tariffs they charge on American exports.
Under the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, the president can raise tariffs as necessary to strengthen national security.
Mr. Trump's rationale for raising tariffs against Mexico or China probably meet this standard.
Another section of that act gives the president the power to levy a tariff to retaliate against unfair trade practices.
President George W. Bush used that law in 2002 to impose tariffs on steel.
It is a matter that is subject to a vote in European Parliament in the coming weeks.
Many liberals were angry after the White House cut budget and tax deals in the past.
It was resulted in higher taxes on the wealthy but not as high as some would have liked.
He just won a victory by getting rid of a disliked property tax.
Italy’s highest court upheld a prison term against him for tax fraud.
The 2012 law should not be applied, given that the tax case originated several years earlier.
With a magnanimous government like this, every Indian taxpayer is a philanthropist.
His proposals include his signature plan to pay for prekindergarten classes by raising taxes on the wealthy. 
When the taxpayers find out, they’re going to be absolutely furious.
Their theoretical arguments tend to fly over the head of the typical taxpayer.
But economists say much of the blame for the stunningly high prices can be placed on a dysfunctional tax system.
The dysfunctional tax system prioritizes consumption taxes, which are relatively easy to collect, over income taxes.
Alexandre Versignassi is a writer who specializes in deciphering Brazil’s tax code.
Keeping accountants on their toes, the Brazilian authorities issue an estimated 46 new tax rules every day.
Partners in private companies are taxed at a much lower rate than many regular employees.
A four-door Gol with air-conditioning sells for about $16,100 here, including taxes.
It leaves many Brazilians fuming about the high taxes embedded in the price of products they buy.
Garment factories enjoy subsidies and tax breaks not offered to other industries, and pay less tax.
A recent study estimated that these subsidies and tax breaks exceeded tax revenues from the industry by roughly $17 million.
The federal government demanded to repeal relation tax before approving any funds to keep the government running.
China responded to the tire tariff by imposing a tariff on American chicken parts.
There's no way a tariff of this kind could deliver the kind of benefits that he is talking about.
The tax’s repeal would not prevent the law from going into effect.
The tax, worth $30 billion over 10 years, has ardent opponents among Democrats.
It avoid the expiration of all of the Bush-era tax cuts in January.
It suggested future talks could founder on the same tax-and-entitlement spending divide that caused past negotiations to collapse.
In the past, the logo was about duty-free kind of stock, and slapping your name on it.
Because of his tax fraud conviction, setting up his likely expulsion this month.
Mr.Yanukovich is prepared to make a deal that would commit Ukraine to joining the customs union.
Western and Cambodian activists have called for the exclusion of Cambodian sugar from duty-free treatment in Europe.
A proposal to delay the imposition of a tax on medical devices had been dropped from the deal.
Trump could impose tariffs only on specific categories of imports, not whole countries. 
Trump has proposed a 45 percent tax on Chinese imports and a 35 percent tax on Mexican imports.
Trump has said the threat of such tariffs would persuade China, for example, to modify the economic policies. 
It involved significant new tax revenues and large-scale changes to Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.
It had a complicated tax on self-insured unions and businesses participating in the health care exchanges.
It creates tax revenues, an industry of ancillary industries, and local wealth.
He accused them of various transgressions, including fraud and tax evasion.
They plan to reconcile Ukrainian customs and trade legislation with the Russian-led customs union, not the European Union.
They looked into the schools that had been granted tax exemptions, and coordinating with activists and lawyers in the South.
They are worried about joining a customs union that Russia has established with Belarus and Kazakhstan.
He has long argued for slapping higher tariffs on those foreign goods in order to fortify the American economy.
He has also proposed tariffs on goods that specific American companies that produce in foreign countries.
He could also pursue congressional legislation to impose a 45 percent tariff on imported Chinese goods.
His dispensary collected $1.2 million last year in marijuana sales tax for the city.
Over the weeks of protests, however, it became clear that the customs union was a nonstarter for Ukraine.
Democrats vow that they will not entertain without curbs on tax breaks for wealthy individuals and corporations.
The United States now imposes average weighted import tariffs of just 1.4 percent among the lowest rates in the world.
Economists see little chance that a tariff would achieve Trump's goal of encouraging domestic production.
Today we did not discuss the question of Ukraine's accessions to the customs union.
The plan conclude formal discussions on a long-term tax and spending plan no later than Dec.13.
It would raise fees on airline tickets to pay for airport security.
Alternatively, Mr. Trump could pursue the radical option of seeking legislation to impose a broad tariff on chinese goods.
Tax increases that Congress negotiated in January are not likely to have a major effect.
The Republicans have resisted such a move since April, fearing that it would require compromises, like raising additional tax revenues.
Republicans agree to raise revenues by curbing tax breaks for corporations and wealthy individuals.
It was higher tax revenues that Republicans oppose, in exchange for reductions in Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.
The law ban on granting tax exempt status to so called segregation academies.
After World War II, the United States gradually reduced its import taxes and pushed other nations to do the same.
Now, though, Mr.Berlusconi, 77, is a man convicted of tax fraud.
But according to public records and tax filings, Houston Academy was the only private school founded in Dothan.
It has to levy the tax because our country, trade, deals and most importantly our jobs are going to hell.
Imposing sweeping tariffs would reverse a mainstay of United States foreign policy.
The Senate accept the medical device tax repeal as a face-saving victory for Republicans.
But rumors that Ukraine might join the customs union have further inflamed the protesters in Kiev.
The 45 percent is a threat that if they don't behave.
An American military report released in December 2011 found that local police militias were illegally taxing villagers and committing assaults.
The United States imposed a 35 percent tariff on Chinese tires in 2009.
This makes it possible for us to go back to the analysis published by the Tax Policy Center. 
This calls ultimately come down to a desire that thrifty German taxpayers should fund the profligate French state. 
The White House released a reform of the tax system in a one-page document last week.
The consumption increased tax from 5 to 8 per cent in 2014. 
The border tax adjustment to corporation tax now seems to be a dead idea. 
Middle-income households would receive an average tax cut of 1.8 per cent. 
It makes  up 35 per cent of the Beijing's economy but only 7.5 per cent of its tax revenues.
Your room charge, including tax and service will paid by your company.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
The alternative is to ship the goods direct to the bonded area while the samples are being inspected.
If they do choose both, how long they're willing to be in the tax.
75 percent of the tax revenue from metallic minerals mined in the region will stay in Mindanao.
In addition, 50 percent of the taxes collected from fossil fuels developed in the region will remain.
After being convicted there twice, he still faces a $500 million prosecution stemming from his first tax case.
She qualified for a tax-credit subsidy that will lower her monthly premium to $350 , it still expensive.
It offers tax credits of $2,163 for individuals and $5,799 for families to buy health plans.
Investigators suspect was a front for money laundering and tax evasion.
The former Olympic handball player who is fighting charges of fraud, tax evasion and embezzlement.
These include attempts to break the monopoly of the communications industry and raise taxes.
Do people who occupy these Spaces provide much-needed tax revenue for New York?
Because that’s where the revenue comes to take care of everybody else.
The mayor could lobby to raise taxes on those out-of-town plutocrats buying zillion-dollar aeries.
Stimulus measures like a special tax on appliances has been suspended for a few months.
Last year it generated global sales of 4.8bn euro, 60% outside of Turkey, and a decent 11% pre-tax profit.
Italy's highest court on Thursday definitively confirmed a prison sentence for tax fraud for Silvio.
Then they falsely declared how much they paid in order to avoid taxes.
She bullies voters who only want a better future and tries to intimidate them out of voting for a change.
This would lead to an inevitable shutdown but it could also test voters' patience with Republican brinkmanship.
On Friday, he will take his message to the Values Voters Summit.
Congress isn't doing much right now for they're all going home and talking to constituents, trying to get re-elected.
For Mr.Rouhani, a handshake may have proved too provocative for hard-line constituencies back home.
The Kremlin's favored candidates remained far removed from the people who nominally elect them.
Japanese voters handed a landslide victory to the governing Liberal Democratic Party.
The Associated Press, citing numbers from Kyodo News Agency, said 52 percent of voters went to the polls.
But he admitted that he faced a challenge in convincing other lawmakers and also voters.
Polls show a majority of voters still opposing changes to the antiwar provisions.
Many rural voters, a bastion of support for the president, went to the polls.
It is misleading voters who are looking to them for leadership that the party has lacked lately.
It would enrage the party’s conservative base heading into the 2014 midterm elections.
Voter initiatives are in the pipeline in at least three other states.
In part, the speech reflected the president’s eagerness to use the outsize sway he has with black voters. 
During the Democratic primary race, Clinton enjoyed tremendous support from African-American voters. 
A level of frustration with the leaders of both parties that reflect their constituents and the nation.
Voters in the largest cities, where opposition to Putin is concentrated, tended to stay home.
Senators complained publicly this week that their phone lines had been clogged with calls from voters.
Younger black voters, in particular, have expressed misgivings about Clinton because of some of the policies of her husband’s administration.
Voters typically dismiss such charges as trumped-up, one more attempt by elites to crush the champions of the poor.
Here is a quick summary of what voters have learned in recent weeks.
We owe it to our constituents to resolve this problem now. 
She makes her advocacy for children the backbone of the biographical story she tells voters.
The high levels of voter distrust, unique in a modern presidential front-runner, leave her status vulnerable.
The voters are, he said, perfectly aware who they are voting into office.
They were acting as a last line of defense for voters who expected Republicans to act.
They urged voters to elect Republicans as a check on Hillary Clinton.
The Clinton campaign has refocused its efforts to a big turnout push directed at black and young voters.
California voters passed a ballot measure requiring egg producers to provide more spacious living conditions for laying hens.
The candidates depended heavily on thuggish muscle men, and later money men, to influence voters and sweep them into office.
Yet in choosing their president, many American voters seem prepared to accept nearly anything Trump says or does.
But many Democrats say Clinton’s statistical advantage obscures concerns about turnout and voter apathy.
During elections in April 1994, voters lined up in some places for miles.
The new president would seek to respond to the fear voters had expressed during the campaign. 
He knows that 35 percent of French voters have just voted for a far-right candidate. 
French voters’ choice of Mr Macron over far-right Eurosceptic candidate Marine Le Pen in Sunday’s election.
He takes to voters and possibly gets the House floor in the 2014 election season.
Speaking to reporters after the victory, Mr.Abe thanked voters for ending the so-called twisted Parliament.
Mr.Abe admitted that he faced a serious challenge in convincing other lawmakers and also voters about changes to the Constitution.
By law, revisions passed by Parliament must then be approved in a public referendum.
Voters have given us this new period of political stability, so we have time to deepen the debate.
Voters soured on him as he failed to address pocketbook issues and focused his attention on right-wing issues.
By law, changing the Constitution would require approval by a majority of voters in a referendum in Japan.
After the bill became law in 2010, she began holding weekly meetings on a range of thorny regulatory and policy issues.
On Tuesday, as Mr. Yanukovich flew to China to attend business development meetings, opposition lawmakers continued to call for his ouster.
During a party meeting on Sunday, North Korea stripped Mr.Jang of all his powerful posts and expelled him from the ruling Workers'Party.
Some analysts said that after the meeting, Mr. Kim may try to reduce tensions on the Korean Peninsula as a way to encourage China to offer more aid.
The former president has drawn fierce criticism for accepting the speaking engagement at the investment firm Cantor health care conference in September.
New research presented at the American Association for Cancer Research conference shows that coffee could help to ward off basal cell carcinoma.
Instead of getting so excited that you return the call from the local drugstore, call from a conference room, your car or after hours at home.
As much as you can choose the things you spend your time on, don't attend events or meetings only because everyone expects it.
Arriving late to interviews, meetings, and appointments is not only rude, but can also negatively impact your career and relationships. 
Most participants saw a reduction in the pace of purchases as appropriate at this meeting and consistent with the committee’s previous policy communications.
When Republican leaders failed twice to unite their troops behind a last-gasp effort to prevent a default on their own terms.
He raised the debt limit over the short term to allow negotiations to take place, a development that Republicans saw as positive.
In the hours leading up to the deadline, House Republican leaders won approval of a new plan in a vote of 228 to 201.
An opinion piece he wrote in The Wall Street Journal this week laid out what has now become the House Republican plan.
This situation stemmed from an unusual push by Republicans to undo a law that has been on the books for three years, through a test of presidential election. 
Republican critics should stop rooting for the failure of a law that provides health insurance to people who do not have it.
The former president and his wife's presidential campaign found themselves in a muddy battle over sexism with the Republican candidate Trump.
The president met with the entire Senate Republican conference and consulted by telephone with Representative John A.Boehner, the Republican speaker of the House.
Aides said he was holding firm against any deal that included specific concessions sought by Republicans, particularly involving his signature health care program.
Mr. Paul is very much aware that the vote offers just that chance to reorient, at least for now, the Republican center on foreign affairs.
Representative Ann Wagner, Missouri Republican, stood on the steps of the empty Senate on Sunday with about a dozen of her House colleagues.
House Republicans believed that they had already compromised by backing away from their demand that the health care law be defunded.
The House Republicans would not block a bipartisan agreement reached in the Senate that yielded virtually no concessions to the Republicans.
It has already inspired opposition from some Senate Republicans and investors concerned that she would not be sufficiently vigilant in guarding against inflation.
They will target for defeat as part of an effort to slash the Republicans' 30-seat majority and even reclaim control if Trump falls further.
As they drafted their deal, Senate negotiators in both parties were hoping that House Republican leaders would have no choice but to let a bipartisan agreement come to a vote.
Trump is at risk of losing by double digits in several districts that the 2012 Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, carried comfortably.
A prominent House Republican pressed the FBI on Monday to explain why it had redacted emails and summaries of its interview with Mrs. Clinton. 
Getting to that point would require agreement in an extremely short amount of time from a group of conservative Republicans. 
Republicans are struggling to answer even the most basic questions about the cause and effect of what has transpired over the last few weeks.
He has aired crackpot conspiracy theories, such as one linking the father of Sen Ted Cruz, his Republican primary rival, to the assassination of President John Kennedy.
Chastened Senate Republicans said they hoped the outcome would be a learning experience for lawmakers in the House and the Senate. 
The good news is that Republicans have accepted the principle that they’re not going to attach conditions to the debt ceiling. 
In the last three years, Republicans and the coal industry have campaigned aggressively against the E.P.A.regulations as they have accused Mr.Obama of waging a war on coal.
Some top Republicans suggest this confrontation ended so badly for them that it would curb the appetite for another in just a few short months.
But the plain fact is that there is a faction of the Republican Party that is essentially insisting on burning through all of these time deadlines.
The Senate Republican leadership opted to give the House a chance to produce an alternative to the Senate measure taking shape.
Mr.Obama began his second term vowing never again to negotiate over raising the ceiling or to give any concessions to Republicans for performing an act that is their constitutional responsibility.
Assange who has been openly critical of Clinton has promised further disclosures that could upend her campaign against the Republican nominee, Donald Trump.
In 2012, Todd Akin, a Republican front-runner from Missouri, crashed out of the Senate race soon after he made a misguided statement about legitimate rape.
Burned by his experience with House Republicans in mid-2011, when brinkmanship over the debt limit hobbled the already weak economy. 
Republican sponsors of the bill have said they will revive the legislation and hope that President Donald Trump signs it into law.
They made it clear to the speaker that they would never accept Republican demands to repeal, defund or delay Mr Obama's signature health care law.
Mr.Boehner’s stance will ease the pressure on him from members of his party, who believe the United States has no business in Syria.
But the fact that a significant number of Americans are now benefiting from the program is resulting in a subtle shift among Republicans.
Ryan's plan will build on one that he and Senator Tom Coburn, Republican of Oklahoma, introduced in 2009, according to aides familiar with it.
He was cautiously optimistic that he, other lawmakers and House Republican leaders could meld the different approaches into one alternative health plan.
Still, a New York Times poll this month showed that nearly two-thirds of Republicans wanted to have the affordable care act repealed. 
Paul of Kentucky disagreed with those who have argued for the most severe penalties for Mr.Snowden, a former National Security Agency contractor.
He found a surprising ally, Representative Jim Sensenbrenner, Republican of Wisconsin and one of the principal authors of the Patriot Act.
A House bill to finance labor and health programs, expected to be unveiled Wednesday, makes good on Republican threats to eliminate the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
In the end, after phone calls from Beame and other Democratic politicians, Ravitch and the agency’s board voted to approve the project.
Both sides dug in deeper, even as polls showed that Americans are fed up with Republicans, Democrats and the president — but more so with Republicans.
Republicans and Democrats said Thursday that the success or failure of this new path forward will rest on Mr. Ryan's shoulders.
Her views are closer to the centrist stance of the administration than to the positions of liberal Democrats on several regulatory issues.
So it allows the president and Democratic leaders to say credibly that they have not reversed their hard-line position is unclear.
Mr.Reid has put in motion a process for the Senate to begin voting on Saturday on a Democratic plan to raise the debt limit through the end of 2014.
Gov. Jerry Brown, a Democrat, signed the poll worker legislation this month and has indicated his approval of the other bills.
The votes and stances on these issues among Democrats in Congress are now far more uniform than they were as late as the 1990s.
When a bipartisan compromise was struck last week on federal student loans, she declined to support the deal irritating some of her more senior Democratic colleagues.
It is largely because many Democrats view Ms.Yellen as the best person to press that stimulus campaign and to strengthen financial regulation.
Because of Donald Trump's struggles in the presidential race, Democrats in Congress are laying the groundwork to expand the list of House Republicans. 
Ms.Ayotte and Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat of New Hampshire, hosted an informal get-together for women in the Senate last Monday evening.
It takes women longer, as Mrs.Clinton pointed out after returning slightly late from a commercial break during the first Democratic debate in Las Vegas.
Democrats are fighting hard to hold on to the Montana seat, as well as those in a number of conservative-leaning states like Arkansas, Louisiana and North Carolina.
In July, the organization released nearly 20,000 Democratic National Committee emails suggesting that the party had conspired with Hillary Clinton’s campaign to undermine her primary opponent, Sen.Bernie Sanders.
In an interview on Wednesday with The Times, Assange said Clinton and the Democrats were whipping up a neo-McCarthyist hysteria about Russia. 
Democrats and some Republicans accused Mr Trump of ignoring concerns about claims of extrajudicial killings in Mr Duterte’s war on drugs. 
Democrats scoffed at the Republican plans, and even some Republican leadership aides questioned how any could get to the president's desk.
House Democrats said they would oppose not only stripping the health care law of money but also a spending level that maintains sequestration.
He and a fellow Republican hawk, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, formed a new negotiating group with two senior Democratic senators.
Voters still blame it for failing to deliver on promised reforms after a landmark election four years ago that ousted the Liberal Democrats.
If Democrats will not agree with Republicans that Obamacare must be repealed, perhaps they can at least agree with the president that the law cannot be implemented as written.
Her role in making the case for the Fed to take stronger action to reduce unemployment won her wide notice among liberal Democrats.
In many ways, the new measures underscore the lock Democrats have over the State Capitol, where they hold an overwhelming majority in both houses.
The party, the Awami League, won 231 out of the 300 seats in Bangladesh's new parliament, about half of them unopposed.
The voting procedures in Parliament that a court has called illegal and the furtive passage of important laws in the early hours of the morning.
Within days, Saga's prefectural assembly passed a 28 billion stimulus package of its own, four-fifths of which went to infrastructure projects.
The National Assembly voted 64 to 12 for the bill, with the vast majority of the 577 Assembly members not voting.
The new president's choice for foreign minister, Zarif, said in a statement to Parliament that managing relations with the United States would be one of his tasks.
Mr.Abe said he would also pursue an intermediate step to make the Constitution easier to revise by requiring a simple majority in Parliament instead of the current two-thirds.
Maksim Reznik, an opposition politician, tried to challenge the decision during a legislative meeting, but his microphone was abruptly switched off.
Ms.Yousafzai said she was undeterred by the criticism at home, attributing criticism to the well-founded cynicism many Pakistanis harbor toward their political leaders.
It is a mutual commitment with a society that fights for a country that calls for the reduction of social inequality and political decency.
There were certainly a lot of abuse of women in Mr. Clinton's political career, and you look at whether it's Monica or Paula or many of them.
Among the three, Vice Marshal Choe, director of the General Political Department of the North Korean People’s Army, was considered the most powerful.
Ms.Yousafzai was chosen as the winner of the $65,000 Sakharov Prize by the heads of the political groupings in the 766-member European Parliament.
Secretary Kerry made clear that this is a moment in Washington politics and reaffirmed the President's commitment to resolving the issue.
No private airline can be expected to add even the slightest degree of risk or uncertainty for its passengers in the name of geopolitics.
The president and lawmakers faced the challenge of framing such a deal in a way that they could all accept politically.
The string of high-profile cases in Kuala Lumpur and other cities has brought crime to the top of the political agenda.
This way could free a number of high-profile defendants whose politically charged cases symbolized what critics denounced as the repression of dissent.
In addition to his duties cutting ribbons and hosting banquets, Albert II played an important role in settling a political deadlock.
The women had insisted that they were motivated not by antireligious sentiment but by opposition to Mr.Putin and to Russia’s political system.
The article has since been removed from the website, but Joshua Landis, a well-known scholar of Syrian politics, posted a copy to his blog.
At this stage, the political opposition does not have the credibility with or the leverage over the armed groups on the ground. 
The brigades that signed have political differences with Nusra, but we agree with them militarily since they want to topple the regime.
As voters go to the polls on Sunday in Moscow, Mr Sobyanin has played his part, eschewing most overt political campaigning, as Mr Putin has before.
This is not a negotiation, said Amr Darrag, a senior leader of the Brotherhood’s political wing, the Freedom and Justice Party.
Given the deep lack of trust between the two sides, the political constraints both are under and the substantive gaps in their positions.
Such cooperation has complicated efforts to isolate the jihadists within the insurgency, where commanders of all political stripes realize they have little choice but to collaborate with any ally available.
What China is trying to do now is to figure out how to merge tracks with the international community while maintaining its economic growth and political stability.
When political scientists call a state rational, they are not saying its leaders always make the best or most moral choices.
Effectively grounded by the political crisis at home, President Obama was absent from a summit meeting of Pacific Rim leaders in Indonesia on Monday.
As it feared that the North might attempt a military provocation against the South to defuse what might be a domestic political crisis.
She said she was confident the military would not stage a coup as it did against her brother in 2006, helping set off Thailand's seven years of intermittent political turmoil.
He broke bail after losing an appeal against extradition to Sweden and was granted asylum in the tiny embassy of Ecuador in London.
He believed Trump had fostered a cult of personality among conservatives that has few parallels in the history of US politics, except maybe in fiction.
They sought over the weekend to make the case that Mr.Obama and Mr.Reid were slowing the process to score political points.
They are also less likely to have faith in political leaders, and less likely to blame apartheid for South Africa’s current economic and social inequality.
All the evidence points to their ability to make sophisticated decisions and to manage palace, domestic and international politics with extreme precision.
Two and a half years after taking office, Ms.Yingluck, 46, is now battling many of these same perceptions in a protracted fight for her political survival.
Now, Assange and WikiLeaks are back in the spotlight, roiling the geopolitical landscape with new disclosures and a promise of more to come.
If there were a falling-out politically, I think they would be more likely to withdraw funding than to switch off the lights.
There are few signs that the political turmoil that has gripped Kiev in recent weeks is spreading here in the Donbass region.
The overriding legacy of the Mandela presidency is a country where the rule of law was entrenched in an unassailable Bill of Rights.
For example Russia most recently in the tug of war with the European Union over political and economic relations with Ukraine.
Lee Cheol, 68, one of the former political prisoners interviewed in Spy Nation, was sentenced to death in 1977 on spying charges.
Given the larger-than-expected margin of deputies voting for impeachment, some political analysts said the Senate was likely to remove Ms. Rousseff from office.
The One-China policy constitutes the political foundation of China-US relations which has remained unshaken despite the changing circumstances, nor can this relationship be undermined. 
Many analysts believed Mr.Jang and his wife had been handpicked by Kim Jong-il to help his young and inexperienced son navigate the North’s treacherous politics.
But last week, sitting inside the Birsa Munda jail in Ranchi, it seemed he was perfectly capable of managing his still-formidable political empire.
The North Korean announcement suggested that Mr.Jang had started nurturing his own political ambitions even as Mr.Kim’s father began grooming his son to succeed him.
But his drive to reassert the United States’ presence in Asia has been jeopardized by a political backlash against his ambitious trade pact.
Why should mere politicians decide where the border should be set between national security and the right to publish videos delineating the finer points of bomb-making?
They are notoriously difficult to reform and face deep structural challenges that might defeat even the most imaginative and dynamic politician.
Mr Macron’s position as a political newcomer could also be an advantage if he can carve out a new space in the political centre-ground. 
Many Chinese argue that the country’s economic and political interests now align more naturally with South Korea than with the North.
Last year, a report on diversity in UK politics recommended that allowing breastfeeding in the House of Commons should be considered.
With its politically-inspired murals and pleasant, green parks, Belfast is a slice of Irish heaven, not to mention it's easier on the wallet than Dublin.
So far as other things are concerned, including poetry and prose, music, pictures, sports, unselfish friendships, politics, international affairs, you are dead.  
Reign, loosely based on Mary, Queen of Scots, is full of romance, political intrigue, drama, Queen Catherine's scheming and the scary world of the French court in 1557 France.
Arguments about politics and religion never have a right answer, but they definitely get people all riled up over things they can't control. 
The process of carrying out the deal could lay the groundwork for an eventual political settlement between backers and opponents of Mr.Assad.
For Mr.Obama, the 16-minute address was a frank acknowledgment of how radically the political and diplomatic landscape had shifted in just a few days.
The repercussions have elevated the 30 month old Syrian conflict into a global political crisis that is testing the limits of impunity over the use of chemical weapons.
While he has no time for the day-to-day dogfight that is politics in his country today, he wants to see it become more democratic.
A string of escalating attacks in recent months related to the nearly three years old conflict in Syria, which has deepened Lebanon’s pre existing political and sectarian divisions.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said that health care strategy was the hottest topic of debate in closed-door political sessions.
Eusebio played down racial and national politics, praised others and denied stories about him that could have been turned into legend.
Some have been criticized for asking questions about political freedom, gay rights and the environmental damage of construction projects in sochi.
Rouhani, who presents himself as a moderate within Iran's political system, has been involved in most of Iran's important foreign policy dossiers.
The elevation of Kim Yo Jong, Mr. Kim’s sibling, to the politburo comes amid a broader reshuffle ahead of an anniversary on Tuesday.
The move to bring in Ms Kim as a member of the ruling Workers’ party of Korea politburo reflects Kim Jong Un’s desire to cement his family’s power. 
The IMF gave warning in February that low business profits, a lack of credit and political uncertainty all bode ill for Turkey's economy.
President-elect Donald Trump's transition team has issued a blanket mandate for politically appointed ambassadors installed by President Barack Obama to leave their posts by Inauguration Day.
Trump has taken a strict stance against leaving any of Obama's political appointees in place as he prepares to take office on Jan. 20.
The Three Kingdoms represents the supreme achievement of historical novels in ancient China, and also vividly reflects the political and culture of that time.
Mr.Obama said the America’s struggle over race would not be eased until the political process in Washington began addressing the fear of many people that financial stability is unattainable.
He was the point person in a popular opposition movement that saw huge numbers of demonstrators pour into the streets demanding the rule of law and political reform.
But Mr.Navalny’s sentence was a rare case when a political opposition leader has been so transparently silenced using Russia’s criminal justice system.
Sergei Guriev was a public supporter of Mr.Navalny and a prominent Russian economist who recently fled to France, fearing his own political prosecution.
For Brazilians seething with resentment over wasteful spending by the country's political elite, the high prices they must pay for just about everything only fuel their ire.
The two intelligence giants have been burned by past wiretapping controversies and know the political consequences if they venture too far afield.
He urged Congress to proceed not only with new budget negotiations, but with immigration changes and a farm bill as well.
Last spring Republicans have repeatedly refused to form a House-Senate conference committee to resolve differences between the separate annual budgets passed by the House and the Senate.
The sour taste from the budget impasse will also motivate the Chinese to intensify their efforts to deepen their own debt markets.
I think the assumption was that the Americans must have learned their lesson, that there would be budget conflicts, but nobody again would threaten the possibility that we would default.
But he said that Volvo’s profits were modest only because of its heavy investments,and said that the investments were within budget.
If make it as part of a budget negotiation,this would put us right back in the same position that we’re in now.
With the last-minute settlement, Washington found itself battered, exhausted and about where it was back in March in terms of budget progress.
Once the trillion-ton budget is exhausted, companies would have to come up with ways to capture carbon dioxide and store it underground.
They have called it a mistake for House Republicans to try to force changes to the health care law in an unrelated fight over the budge.
He also described a budget goal more expansive than the Congressional negotiators are setting, but one that neither party's leaders rule out.
The two sides kept talking, and the offer from politically besieged Republicans was seen as a step toward ending the budget standoff.
Instead, in a futile campaign to strip the law of federal money, the party focused harsh scrutiny on its own divisions. 
While there is nonetheless hope on both sides for a defining budget deal, the three-week budget crisis scrambled Washington's power structure.
The Republicans raised the possibility that financing could be restored by early next week if terms for broad budget negotiations could be reached.
The 2017 spending bill approved by Congress this week contained nearly $3.9 million to fund the five former presidents until the 30th September.
For low-budget entertainment, you can visit your local library and bask in the glory of the countless tomes available there for free. 
It would delay all aspects of the health care law for a year, and give back some of the Pentagon cuts as a sweetener.
The American Action Forum, a conservative advocacy group run by Eakin, a former director of the Congressional Budget Office, analyzed the Price's plan.
It’s about time we cut some spending around here, said Representative Paul D.Ryan of Wisconsin, chairman of the House Budget Committee.
Nine days before the Treasury Department says it will reach the legal limit to borrow money for existing bills and obligations.
It will be months before economists get a report of the jobs market that is untainted by the recent fiscal crisis.
The fiscal deadlock cast such a long shadow over the gathering that the ministers did not have to dwell on the financial and structural problems in their own economies.
The Treasury Department will continue to take in money and might be able to pay its bills for as long as two weeks.
The meeting was clouded by the absence of President Obama, who stayed in Washington to try to resolve the fiscal crisis.
Her financial aides claimed that signs that Europe’s long recession had recently become less severe had proved that its austerity policies were working.
Countries asking for help must undertake labor market and other reforms and also accept the tough discipline of fiscal consolidation .
Gov.Rick Snyder, who authorized the move after a recommendation from the emergency financial manager he had appointed to resolve Detroit’s dire financial situation.
In fact, he highlighted the risk that tight federal fiscal policy will restrain economic growth over the next few quarters by more than we currently expect.
The president illegally used money from state-owned banks to conceal a yawning budget deficit in an effort to bolster her re-election prospects.
The decision came about 24 hours before the Treasury was due to exhaust its borrowing authority, putting the nation on the brink of a default.
It would require them to drop objections to defunding the health care law or delay the law’s full implementation for a year.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, stressed that under the deal budget cuts extracted in the 2011 fiscal showdown were not reversed.
Protesters who two weeks ago seized the Finance Ministry and last week camped out at the gates of her office have threatened to capture her.
In the Senate, there were already signs that an emergent group of 14 centrist senators from both parties was looking to make an impact on the fiscal battles ahead.
President Obama plans to nominate Senator Max Baucus, the Montana Democrat and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, as his next ambassador to China.
Practically every company will have to move away from today's obsession with looking ahead only as far as the next financial reporting period. 　
With current fiscal policy measurably slowing the recovery, many in business and finance have looked to the Fed to continue its expansionary monetary policies to offset the drag.
Because it was well earned by past failures at reaching so-called grand bargains for deficit reduction and spending investments in the past three years.
They said they would do so only if Mr.Obama agreed to negotiate a broader deficit reduction deal, with big savings from entitlement programs.
It would increase Pentagon and veterans spending and delay President Obama's health care law for a year, most likely adding to the budget deficit.
Time and again, they have emerged from the negotiating table to assure a weary public that another impasse had been eliminated, another hurdle cleared.
Others said the intense publicity had cast their district in a negative light, overshadowing the good work of other Pakistanis in education.
The report recommended new privacy protections for the behavior of disclosure of personal information about non-Americans among agencies or to the public.
So I spent the summer asking the scientists and doctors who studied 9/11’s environmental and public health impacts how they viewed the air in Beijing.
In recent weeks, thousands of Syrians have recorded personal appeals to members of Congress and the American public urging them to oppose an airstrike.
Mr. Jang has vanished from public view twice before, the last time from 2003 to 2006, during a period when Mr. Kim’s father suppressed his power.
Among the many Republicans who argued that support for the health care law would collapse once the public saw how disastrous it really was.
We have identified a series of reforms that are designed to safeguard the privacy and dignity of American citizens, and to promote public trust.
The family of the victim has demanded death sentences, and much of the public seemed to share their anger, flooding the streets to demand swift punishment in the case.
The war of words comes as Chinese public opinion, particularly in elite business and political circles, shifts towards seeing North Korea as a liability.
For a time, Mr.Umarov's group observed a sort of cease-fire that he attributed to the public protests that followed Mr.Putin's return to the presidency in 2012.
The new editions published by Shanghai Foreign Language Education Press thrilled the public, as many world renowned translators had devoted themselves to the project.
As furious as the public criticism of the national security agency's programs has been in the two months since Mr. Snowden's disclosures.
Kim Jong-un, has replaced nearly half of his country’s top officials in the past two years, according to South Korean officials.
Half a dozen law enforcement, intelligence and Congressional officials with direct knowledge of the supervisor's report were contacted for this article.
Officials said, the report by the CIA supervisor and the agency's suspicions might have been the first serious warnings of the disclosures to come.
Indian officials have demanded that the embassy provide details about all the Indians it employs, as well as the names and salaries of teachers at the American Embassy School.
Federal prosecutors say that the charges stem from a promise Ms.Khobragade made to American authorities that she would pay her housekeeper $4,500 a month.
Officials said Mr. Alexis was able to drive onto the base and began firing as he approached Building 197, shooting an officer.
Officials said surveillance video of people fleeing the scene of the shooting showed two armed men dressed in different military uniforms and wielding guns.
Pentagon officials confirmed, that the additional troops and armor would increase combat readiness and war fighting ability for the United States and South Korea.
Pentagon officials said the rotation of the additional Army battalion into South Korea would still leave the number of American service members there below 28,500, as set out by treaty.
Since taking office, President Obama has deported more than 1.9 million foreigners, immigration officials announced last week, a record for an American president.
Another Honduran, Irma Lemus, was packing fishing rods for a day on the bayou when cruising immigration agents spotted her family and stopped.
But he noted that agents were encountering many immigrants who fit those priorities but also had family connections that could make them eligible to stay by prosecutorial discretion.
Officials in Guangdong Province, in the far south, said they had discovered excessive levels of cadmium in 155 batches of rice collected from markets.
State officials said ordinary city business would carry on as before, even as city leaders take their case to a judge.
Officials said city workers were being sent letters, notifying them that city business would proceed as usual, from bills to permits.
China, a vital trade partner for South Africa, sent its vice president, Li Yuanchao, instead of its president or another official more recognizable abroad.
Saga officials say they have especially high hopes of revamping the agricultural sector by getting local farmers to grow valuable cosmetic ingredients, like traditional herbs.
As intelligence experts and officials took stock of what they have learned since the Nov.13 assaults in and around Paris, which killed 130 people, several things have come into focus.
After the Chinese declaration last weekend, American officials feared that, if left unchallenged, the Chinese action would lead to ever greater claims elsewhere in the Pacific region.
Such information was considered sensitive and Chinese officials reacted angrily to the United States posting information from a monitoring device in January.
The young man had more than 100 senior party officials or generals, including his own uncle, executed, while he also let the Workers' Party regain its influence on the military.
She was the first Fed official, in 2005, to describe the rise in housing prices as a bubble that might damage the economy.
American Embassy officials met Mr. Newman when he landed in Beijing on a flight from Pyongyang, the North Korean capital, and they bought him a ticket to San Francisco.
After the North Korea's latest nuclear test and a series of ballistic missile tests in recent months, it has been taken more seriously by United States and South Korean officials.
In March 2012, the National Security Agency's Top Secret internal newsletter published a Letterman-style list of reasons that officials should read it.
Land is owned by the state, and residents' rights to their property are often tenuous and easily overridden by powerful officials and businesspeople.
It took a retired official to emphasize the awkward fact that China has little choice but to stay shackled to the dollar for now.
At issue is a $25,000 donation, made three years ago, in support of a Florida official who was weighing possible fraud charges against Trump.
Civilian deaths from drone strikes will haunt him, and others in the American chain of command, for as long as they live.
It said three Iranian officials have worked with North Korea on its missile and space programs, including the development of an 80-ton rocket booster.
He sat in his padded wheelchair and impassively as Thai officials delivered their oaths of allegiance using the highly formal vocabulary reserved for addressing the monarch.
he has been enforcing a generational change in the party, government and military leadership, retiring figures from his father's days and replacing them with people loyal to him.
He was seized by North Korean security officials on the day he was to depart the country at the end of an organized tour.
American officials said they began having talks with airlines on Wednesday and characterized the guidance Friday as simply following established international air protocols independent of any political deliberations.
Two officials said that the advisers had gone further to challenge the intelligence agencies’ ways of doing business than they had expected.
two officials said the prosecutors had issued subpoenas for the engineer’s blood samples, for drug and alcohol testing, and for his cellphone.
Several law enforcement officials said that detectives from the New York and Metropolitan Transportation Authority Police Departments were conducting an investigation parallel to the safety board’s inquiry.
Jim Clapper was the director of national intelligence, who appears to have been the highest official to regularly review the programs.
Analysts and officials in the region suspected that the execution may reflect factional infighting within the opaque family dynasty in Pyongyang.
Later in the day, two senior law enforcement officials said that there was a person of interest in the bombing.  
On Monday, Beijing Youth Daily, a Communist Party newspaper, cited unnamed officials in the Supreme Court as saying it completely agreed that the law should be expunged. 
N.S.A. officials declined to say how many Americans have been caught up in the effort, including people involved in no wrongdoing.
He was working as a welfare official at Seoul’s City Hall in 2013 when the NIS arrested him on charges of spying for North Korea.
A whip is an official in a political party whose primary purpose is to ensure party discipline in a legislature. 
Officials later said they had found a grenade and a pistol, and suggested that the attack might have been carried out by a man and a woman working together.
Mr.Obama mentioned the article in an interview with Time magazine that day and said he was considering asking officials about ways to do things smarter.
Lebanese officials had expressed concern after the arrest of the group’s leader, Majid al Majid, about the possibility of retaliatory attacks.
On Friday, Australian officials said the Chinese ship, the Snow Dragon, had notified the authorities that it might be trapped by ice.
After the Chinese vessel said that it could become trapped in ice, Australian maritime officials told the ship to remain in the area.
It was the first time that a senior American official had indicated that Iranian diplomats might participate in the session, which is to convene in Switzerland on Jan.22.
The man was identified as Xu Shuaijun, 35, and officials said his balloon was forced to land after hitting turbulence south of the islands.
Sometimes there are their family members, directors of United Nations and other relief programs, and officials overseeing oil and finance ministries.
On a self-described farewell tour of various countries, he was in Moscow in recent weeks to see retired officials he knows from the Soviet era.
In the current scandal, Korea Hydro officials are accused of ordering Kepco E C to ignore faked certificates from the testing firm.
Officials from Unicef and Save the Children encouraged the move in the hope it would boost protection for the country's teenagers.
Given all the tension between the United States and Russia, Mr. Simes said that Russian officials would probably be just as relieved if Mr. Obama did not show up.
The senior intelligence official argued, however, that it would be inaccurate to portray the N.S.A.as engaging in bulk collection of the contents of communications.
He cited a situation in which officials learn that Al Qaeda was planning to use a particular phone number on the day of an attack.
The case was resurrected by federal officials in Moscow, and the Kremlin had made little effort to mask the political motivation of the prosecution.
Out of public view, the intelligence community has been agitated in recent years for the opposite reason that frustrated officials outside the security agency.
Officials in the national intelligence director's office occasionally allow other agencies a role in identifying surveillance targets and seeing the results when it is relevant to their own inquiries.
Officials in the national intelligence director's office worry about opening the surveillance too widely beyond the security agency and the FBI for fear of abuse.
There are just over 200 working karez in the region, down from nearly 1,800 in the 1950s, according to government figures.
In 2008, the regional government announced a $182 million project, funded in part by the World Bank, to protect and rehabilitate the karez system.
According to government estimates, the aquifer beneath the Turpan Basin shrinks by about three million cubic meters a year, much of it because of oil drilling and agriculture.
These were provinces controled by Pathet Lao , and royalists, backed by America government, hold the Mekong Valley and other provinces.
We don't know the exact story about what happened to him, but it's hard to think that some segment of the Lao government was not involved.
The F.B.I. discovered the roughly 14,900 emails by scouring Mrs.Clinton’s server and the computer archives of government officials with whom she corresponded.
The federal government remained shuttered into a second week and the possibility that the United States would default on its debts grew closer.
Having such a conversation, talks, negotiations shouldn’t require hanging the threats of a government shutdown or economic chaos over the heads of the American people.
While Mr.Obama, at his news conference, said he reinforced that he could not negotiate until the government reopened and the debt limit was lifted.
His voice rising in anger as he described how death benefits were being denied to families of fallen troops because much of the government is closed.
It is just the sort of communion of tradition and progressivism that appeals to European notions of modernity, and it is heavily subsidized as a result.
French authorities spend millions each year to reimburse herders for lost animals and to subsidize the hulking Great Pyrenees guard dogs that now pad alongside many flocks.
Despite the protestations of conservation groups, the government has also organized the shootings — “samplings,” in official parlance — of a handful of wolves.
But the $6,600 the couple paid this year to truck their sheep to a safer summer pasture will not be covered.
But Bader added that the mayhem that compelled the government to make a decision sends an unfortunate signal to those countries.
US government has tried to shore up its Asian alliances, in part as a counterweight to the muscular role of China.
Government officials counter that Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and the US trade representative Michael B.Froman, are both heavily involved in Asia.
As the America's spy agencies assess the fallout from disclosures about their surveillance programs, some government analysts and senior officials have made a startling finding.
House Republicans attached the language of additional conditions to a government funding bill that would delay the mandate that individuals obtain health insurance 
Even before the federal government shutdown and debt ceiling crisis this month, the nation's economy was lagging and job growth was sluggish.
The labor market lost, rather than gained, momentum over the summer, leaving us with less than a desirable cushion just as the government was shuttered in response to political shenanigans
A government critic complained that the exile opposition had gutted the movement by luring young activists to Turkey to work fruitlessly.
As Myanmar sheds the legacy of five decades of military rule, the explosions are another source of concern for the country.
It is a near impossibility for many unless the government admits defeat and fully compensates them for their lost homes and livelihoods.
It’s quite a careful balancing act the national government has to do in accommodating their aspirations, but also imposing national law.
But if the government manages to hold Ramadi, it could prove pivotal to the efforts to beat back the Islamic State in Iraq.
The North Korean government has detained several Americans over the years on charges of illegal entry or spying and other antistate crimes.
He was freed in November 2014 after the United States government sent its director of national intelligence, James, to North Korea for a visit.
American officials have said that they were pleasantly surprised by the completeness of the Syrian government’s declaration of its chemical weapons program.
Before the Pakistani government introduced a moratorium on capital punishment in 2008, the hangman, Sabir Masih, dispatched about 200 prisoners at the gallows over a period of three years.
While Beijing has somewhat diversified its foreign exchange reserves, it continues to rely heavily on Treasury bills and other American government-backed debt.
The Obama administration claimed the moral high ground while covertly torturing prisoners of war, slaying civilians in drone attacks and spying on world leaders.
None of the visiting finance ministers expressed genuine fear that Congress and the White House would not find a way out.
While the Chinese government has taken steps to shift its economy from a dependence on exports toward one fueled by domestic demand, the progress has been fitful.
In the first quarter of this year, economists say, the Chinese government added more to its foreign exchange reserves than in all of 2012.
Kim Jong-un has replaced 44 percent of North Korea’s 218 top military, party and government officials, the South’s Ministry of Unification said in a report.
However, many observers both then and now suggested that the French government’s harsh tone was in part political theater rather than genuine outrage.
He pressed the Spanish government to pursue the trail of the two helmets that were put up for auction in 2008.
And he suggested that James would be aghast to learn that the government was encroaching on liberty in such a way.
Judge Richard of the District of Columbia ordered the government to stop collecting data on the personal calls of the two plaintiffs in the case. 
He said Mr. Klayman and his co-plaintiff had standing based on the government's own description of the program as a comprehensive metadata database.
The government had failed to cite a single instance in which analysis of the NSA's bulk meta data collection actually stopped an imminent attack.
Some analysts and American officials say the chaos could force the Obama administration to take a more active role to stave off potential threats.
The Qaeda affiliate based there gained at least $20 million in ransom payments earlier this year from the governments of Qatar and Oman.
Much of what I saw in Geneva really disillusioned me about how my government functions and what its impact is in the world.
The Senate was trying to steamroll the House with a new plan to reopen the government and lift the debt ceiling. 
Administration officials said Mr. Biden would urge China not to create any other such zones and to show restraint in policing this zone.
China has described the establishment of this zone as a normal step that has been taken by many other countries in the world.
The government he formed when he finally won the chance was an improbable fusion of races and beliefs, including many of his former oppressors.
An official's name is included in such a list is an important gauge of whether the official is favored by the government.
He was accused of building a network of followers in the ruling Workers' Party of Korea, the government and the Korean People's Army.
How could the Afghan government, which can barely fund 20 percent of what it spends each year, hope to control the country without American help?
They operation in Tripoli signals that the Obama administration is willing to take risky missions to confront a spreading terrorist threat in Africa.
If the United States attempts to apprehend Mr. Khattala, it will most likely do so again without much help from the Libyan government.
They too are interested in engaging in serious budget negotiations if the government is first reopened and the borrowing limit raised.
It is a move designed to pressure Republicans to avert what could be a devastating default after the government reaches the current borrowing limit on Oct.17.
The new poll show that they have shouldered a far larger share of the blame for the government shutdown than Mr.Obama.
He is on charges of plotting an armed rebellion against the South Korean government in the event of war with North Korea.
The region has also served as a safe haven for Sunni officials looking to escape the reach of the Shiite-led government.
The Indian government issued a statement the day after the arrest saying it was shocked and appalled at the manner in which she has been humiliated by the U.S.authorities. 
We have conveyed at high levels to the government of India our expectations that India will continue to fulfill all of its obligations.
More than 24 hours later, the South African government was still at a loss to explain how the impostor to stand here.
The national embarrassment over the fraudulent interpreter was only one of a number of things that seemed to go wrong in the government’s organization and management of the memorial event.
The Kurdistan deal with Turkey is a huge violation against the Iraqi Constitution, because they didn’t make the deal with the coordination of the central government
With only three days left before a potential default, Senate leaders failed on Sunday to reach agreement on a plan to reopen the government and raise the debt limit.
Short term government bills are used to grease the wheels for many financial transactions and provide a benchmark from which other assets are priced.
Zhao Huimin, the director general of the foreign affairs office of Beijing’s municipal government, did not say what specific measures would be taken to reduce the pollution levels.
The United States, as well as other Western governments, have taken such extraordinary precautionary steps in the past few days. 
In the midst of a civil war, Mount Qasioun is now largely off limits because it has become a government-controlled military zone.
If rebels ever managed to take the area, it could spell the fall of the government, but they have yet to threaten it seriously.
The next morning I asked the Indian minister of state for human resource development, Tharoor, to comment on Mittal's experience with the government.
It eventually resulted in a loss of nearly 8.5 billion rupees, or $132 million at current exchange rates, to the government.
The longer they waited, the more likely those in the administration and the public who want a withdrawal from Afghanistan would gain support.
Farmers in suburban Beijing have been approved by the government to send tons of fresh cabbage to the city's roadside markets.
The honorable Gulen has nothing to do with and has no information about the investigations or the public officials running them.
The cause of summer's protests began over plans to raze Gezi Park in central Istanbul and convert it into a shopping mall.
But by the time he returned to Riyadh, his government had overcome its own scruples to become the main backer of the Syrian rebels.
He now volunteers here once a week to warn young men about the false glamour of the Syrian jihad at the government’s rehabilitation center for jihadists.
There were other Saudi men heading for the battlefield on the flight with him, and no sign of a Saudi government effort to monitor or restrain them.
Administration officials say the deportation numbers that more than 368,000 this fiscal year are driven by a congressional requirement that more than 30,000 immigrants be detained daily.
Under a Security Council resolution approved Sept.27, Mr.Assad's government agreed to destroy Syria's chemical weapons arsenal by the middle of 2014.
The government has refused to disclose details of the pollution, leaving farmers and consumers with no knowledge of the levels of pollutants in the food chain.
The Obama administration acknowledges that Iran has the potential to be an influential player on regional issues from Afghanistan to Syria.
And later to argue that Detroit’s creditors and representatives of city workers and municipal retirees ought to settle for less than they once expected.
They anticipate further benefit cuts for city workers and retirees, more reductions in services for residents, and a detrimental effect on borrowing.
All along, the state’s involvement, including Mr.Snyder’s decision to send in an emergency manager, has carried racial implications, setting off a wave of concerns for some in Detroit.
White Republican-led state government was trying to seize control of Detroit, a Democratic city where more than 80 percent of residents are black.
Government officials are not the only ones trying to replace the traditional matchmakers that many young people consider increasingly old-fashioned corporations.
I think a lot of us believe there's a legitimate use of military action where a state has used chemical weapons.
On Wednesday, government officials said they believed 300 tons, or 75,000 gallons, of the tainted water was entering the ocean daily.
Some experts suggested Wednesday that the government’s intervention may be the first step in attempts to win public acceptance for what they say is an increasing inevitability.
But the government had said it would not pursue capital punishment, but rather life in prison with no chance of parole.
The Congressional Research Service reported that a number of cases involving charges under the Espionage Act, demonstrate the Obama administration's relatively hard-line policy.
New data from the government due out Wednesday is expected to show that the economy came close to stalling during the spring quarter, which ran from April through June.
The episode would be seen as sign that the Al Qaeda affiliate is getting stronger while the Iraqi government forces are ineffective.
His arrest meant that a former official of a government dedicated to stopping the poaching that has threatened the very existence of Kenya’s elephants was engaged in ivory trading himself.
As part of the ideological battle against the Islamic State, his administration will be a friend to all moderate Muslim reformers in the Middle East.  
In recent weeks, administration lawyers decided that it was within Mr.Obama’s constitutional authority to carry out a strike on Syria as well.
Senate leaders neared the completion Monday night of a bipartisan deal to raise the debt ceiling and end the government shutdown.
When Mr. Newman arrived in Beijing on Saturday morning, he praised North Korean officials for the tolerance the government has given me to be on my way.
Mr. Kerry on Tuesday urged the Ukrainian government to listen to the voices of its people who favor closer ties with the union.
A separate House Republican bill would ensure that military personnel continued to be paid in the event of a government shutdown.
The House’s action all but assured that large parts of the government would be shuttered as of 12:01 a.m. on Tuesday.
The government can’t get away from seeing wild animals as a resource, rather than a category of life that should be protected.
Administration officials believe China's actions are mainly meant to give it an advantage in its struggle with Japan over the islands.
It is a trend that could benefit North American and European governments looking to squeeze more ability out of shrinking defense budgets.
That added to a sense of drift in the government all the more ominous for the large, sustained protests in the capital.
Now, near the end of a governing crisis that crippled Washington and dismayed a nation already deeply cynical about its political leaders.
The reported downfall of Mr. Jang, effectively North Korea’s No.2 leader, set off a frenzy of speculation among North Korea watchers and South Korean government officials.
Mr.Jang dreamed that his reformist known to the outside world would help his new government get recognized by foreign countries in a short span of time.
That bill would raise the American debt limit before the government hits its risks technical default as soon as next week.
Each of those countries’ governments has the legal and moral obligation to protect him from the persecution to which the U.S.government is now trying to subject him.
On regulatory issues, Ms.Yellen’s views are closer to those of the Obama administration than to those of the left-leaning Democrats most fervently seeking her nomination.
On those grounds, the Obama administration said it was not interested in participating in renewed talks unless North Korea first took concrete steps to dismantle its facilities.
The Obama administration issued the good neighbor rule, which would apply chiefly to power plants in 27 states east of Nebraska.
Italy's government has tried to help families with a so-called baby bonus of 80 to 160 euros for low- and middle-income households.
A similar plea was made in recent days by the protesters, who have occupied major government buildings for more than a week.
That an official news agency could be considered hostile to its own government reflected some deep divisions within Russia's political elite.
Yim Lon nurses bitter memories of how three years ago the local authorities forced her and her family to dismantle their small home.
Many had expected the government of Hollande to adopt a less confrontational approach to France's troubles with the Roma than the previous government. 
Many anti-government activists reacted with scorn and bravado, saying they did not care about the suspension of aid that they believed had been mostly for show.
With limited evidence that monetary easing is in fact lifting the real economy, growth risks falling off a cliff when government outlays sputter.
We will do our job and send this bill over, and then it’s up to the Senate to pass it and stop a government shutdown.
My comrades did not have the advantages that I had of brushing shoulders with the V.I.P.’s who came here, the judges.
From the outset of WikiLeaks, Assange said he was motivated by a desire to use cryptography to protect human rights, and would focus on authoritarian governments like Russia’s.
They also plan to try to cordon off Parliament in a bid to paralyze the legislative and executive branches of government.
He told South Korean officials that he had defected because he was disillusioned with the government of Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader.
He is thinking about how to restrict the administration from using flexibility to extend the debt limit beyond a fixed deadline.
They smuggled in newspapers and extra rations, and to moderates within the National Party government who approached him in hopes of opening a dialogue.
They agreed to support a reopening of the government and a lifting of the nation’s borrowing authority in exchange for future budget negotiations.
Its belligerence, they conclude, appears calculated to maintain a weak, isolated government that would otherwise succumb to the forces of history.
They used the twin deadlines of an end to government funding and borrowing authority to address the drivers of the federal deficit.
They’re welcoming governments to hack into each other and disrupt each other’s democratic processes, all on a pretty weak case for the public interest. 
Their worries were not allayed when the government allowed them to confer with Mr.Mandela at his quarters in the warden’s house.
He did not note that most of that nation-building began in the Bush administration, and much of it was terminated by President Obama.
He said the State Department could seek a waiver of immunity from the Russian government to allow a prosecution to go forward.
With the government reopened and a debt default averted for now, Congressional negotiators on Thursday plunged into difficult budget talks to avoid a repeat crisis within months.
Mr.Ryan praised the deal in the most elementary terms as a way to get our government functioning at its very basic levels.
How to explain to its citizens why the government keeps so much of the country’s wealth in U.S. Treasury bonds and other dollar assets?
If Mr. Snowden was placed with a refugee family, this was the last place the government and the majority of Hong Kong society would expect him to be.
The American administration rejects China’s unilateral declaration of control of the airspace over a large area of the East China Sea.
American intelligence and law enforcement investigators have concluded that they may never know the entirety of what Snowden extracted from classified government computers.
The United States has gone through government shutdowns before, but this time it feels different, even if it turns out to be short-lived.
Another of the men was at the center of a high-level internal argument among Obama administration lawyers over whether keeping him in wartime detention violated international law.
Ms.Yellen was less successful in influencing fiscal policy during a two-year stint as the head of Mr.Clinton’s Council of Economic Advisers.
Gov.Dannel P.Malloy of Connecticut, who is leading the effort by East Coast governors to crack down on out-of-state pollution, called it a front-burner issue for his administration.
The latest figure from the Delhi government is that 1,355 people in the city have tested positive for dengue this season.
It said that North Korea had informed the British government of the accusations against Mr.Thae and asked that he be handed over to North Korean officials.
An almost 20 percent jump in construction jobs was not enough to offset a loss of jobs in other sectors, according to the local government.
While typically not traceable to any individuals and plausibly denied by government officials, poisonings leave little doubt of the state’s involvement.
In February this year, local governments approached Mr. Song with renewed interest in the bus as an environmentally efficient way to ease congestion.
South Korean officials expressed similar views in April when 13 people working at a North Korean government run restaurant in China fled to the South.
Jeffrey Holmstead, an assistant administrator for the E.P.A.during the administration of George W.Bush who now lobbies on behalf of coal companies.
From 2012 to 2015, fewer than 15 percent of adoptees who asked to reunite with their birth parents were able to do so, according to Korean government figures.
Cass Sunstein is a Harvard Law School professor who ran the office of Information and Regulatory Affairs in the Obama White House.
Over the past decade, many of the cases were retried after the government’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission found them to be built on fabricated evidence and confessions extracted through torture.
Contact chaining and analysis may have been done on Americans’ communications data under the Bush administration’s program of wiretapping without warrants.
The project is along with the Three Gorges Dam, an example of the Chinese government’s willingness to apply huge resources to harness rivers for national development.
The proposal was seen as an opening gambit in the legislative dance toward some resolution before the government is expected to breach its debt limit on Thursday.
The bill would delay the full effect of President Obama’s health care law as a condition for keeping the government running past Monday.
Sculptures and reliefs of a bare-breasted or semi-bare-breasted Marianne, a French symbol of the revolution and liberty, can still be found on government documents, buildings and postal stamps.
And the Obama administration’s recent diplomatic initiatives on Syria and Iran have left the Saudis with a deep fear of abandonment.
The government of the Russian Federation made the decision to issue in bonds from the Ukrainian government part of its own reserves.
Russia has never acknowledged using the authority under the 2006 law and has specifically denied any government ties to high-profile cases.
But with planes flying so fast and in such proximity, the administration's worries grew that an accident or an unintended confrontation could spiral out of control.
But it should not imagine that the possibility of destructive confrontation in the field of international economics from Mr. Trump’s administration has therefore disappeared.
But the Obama administration’s determination to ease the long estrangement with Iran’s theocratic leaders has touched an especially raw nerve. 
But the Obama administration has said it sees no sign that the North Korean government is serious about reducing its nuclear program.
But the need for a bipartisan breakthrough, even a modest one, was amplified by the economic costs wrought by the 16-day shutdown and near-default on government obligations.
The report came just three days after a Federal judge in Washington ruled that the bulk collection of telephone data by the government was almost Orwellian.
Obama administration pressed its case on Sunday, saying it had won Saudi backing for a strike, even as the Syrian president warned he would retaliate。
The Obama administration registered its displeasure with the so-called air defense identification zone established by China by sending two unarmed B-52 bombers on a mission through it.
The Obama administration advised American commercial airlines to comply with China’s demands to be notified in advance of flights through the area.
Reducing the size of the state and making the labour market more flexible should help to generate jobs and economic growth. 
It is no accident that the governments most eager to control the web have been those most fearful of liberty and democracy. 
But with the new administration bent on cutting the power of agencies such as the FCC, that is too much to hope for. 
And more probably it is the result of having an inside track in fending off pressure from consumers and government quality inspectors.
The federal government takes an interest in him when they realize his lifestyle is too luxurious for his political status and that he has relationships with politicians and mobsters. 
Operations research analysts can be found in virtually every industry, from manufacturing to finance and throughout the spectrum of government agencies.
On behalf of the Beijing Municipal government, I wish to extend our warm welcome to the friends who have come to visit Beijing.
I think that Tihar authorities have observed them for years and have decided they can be placed in front of the public.
Even now, from the government officials, the social elite, down to the general public, grassroots, society's attention to the college entrance examination has reached the highest consistency.
Demand for these professionals should remain high for years to come, as companies and governments seek greater efficiency and cost savings.
And I am willing to lay down all my joys in this life to help maintain this government and to pay that debt.
The competition is the company's biggest event in collaboration with the Chinese government since its search engine was blocked by China seven years ago.
The government sought to bring other groups into the talks that led to the peace deal with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front.
The region had weak government institutions in areas like law enforcement, education and health care, and that corruption was a profound problem.
It aims to keep the government operating through mid-December at the current level, which reflects sharp, across-the-board cuts known as sequestration.
Much of the federal government will shut down as of Oct.1 unless Congress approves new spending bills to replace expiring ones. 
The continued operation of the sequester is inimical to the interest of the United States, to the government, to the people and to international security.
The post was liked or commented on by several people who appear to be the children and grandchildren of other senior members of Mr Assad's government.
Hezbollah’s fighters have been helping the Syrian army, and the Future bloc endorses the insurgency, which Lebanese Sunni militants have crossed the border to join.
Iran has been one of Mr.Assad's main supporters and has been supplying his government with arms and supporting his war efforts with military advisers.
Ms Aung San Suu Kyi's two sons, Kim and Alexander, once held Myanmar nationality but their citizenship was revoked by the junta.
Details of the surveillance are described in documents from the N.S.A.and Britain's eavesdropping agency, known as GCHQ, dating from 2008 to 2011.
The target lists appear in a set of GCHQ reports that sometimes identify which agency requested the surveillance, but more often do not.
In the end, history is going to judge that he revealed great abuses of our government and great abuses of our intelligence community.
Snowden's Revelations of massive electronic surveillance by the nsa have exposed major problems in the U.S. government and the intelligence community.
The suggestion of sending Sudanese troops to help the government of South Sudan while it is descending into civil war quickly provoked criticism.
Since the Egyptian government characterized the group as a terrorist movement, the brotherhood has had hundreds of members arrested in the city.
The protest zone, about nine miles from the nearest Olympic site, is similar to three created by the Chinese government during the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
Last Wednesday, the government banned people from joining the group after blaming the brotherhood for an explosion that killed 16 people.
The incident is the latest step in the government's efforts to clean up the police and judicial systems responsible for the investigation.
Millions of houses have been demolished in China as local governments turn farmland or homes over for development amid fast economic growth.
Although the government usually compensates homeowners, some complain that the compensation is too low or that the compensation is not paid.
The message that the government has conveyed to the people over the years is mainly that people should cherish the present unity and development.
The public feels that the Bloomberg administration is focused on lavish development projects and stadiums, rather than the benefits of New York's working class and the poor.
The government wants to push the country into the developed world by exploiting huge oil and gas reserves underground and under the sea.
Israel's government, which regards Iran as an existential threat, has accused the Iranians of working toward production of a nuclear weapon, an accusation they have repeatedly denied.
The Obama administration won a hard-fought victory in the first Congressional showdown over the NSA's surveillance activities since Snowden's security breaches last month.
A brief but impassioned debate started said that citizens' right to privacy and the steps the government must take to protect national security.
Conservative Republicans leery of what they see as Obama administration abuses of power teamed up with liberal Democrats long opposed to intrusive intelligence programs.
The united voices of Congressional leaders and administration officials in support of this program seemed to squelch the outrage Mr Snowden had hoped for.
Some officials at the state-financed company that designed nuclear power plants were also indicted on charges of taking bribes from testing company officials in return for accepting those substandard parts.
At a time of slowing growth, the government had loudly promoted its plans to become a major builder of nuclear power plants abroad.
The government also promised to enact new laws and tighten regulations to ban retirees from the two subsidiaries from getting jobs at suppliers and test agencies.
After last year’s scandal, the government had vowed to keep parts suppliers found to have falsified documents from bidding again for 10 years.
They point out that one of the government’s main regulating arms, the Korea Institute of Nuclear Safety, gets 60 percent of its annual budget from Korea Hydro.
The move adds to pressure on Catalonia's local government, which is considering whether to declare independence as early as this week.
All political appointees for the Obama administration were directed to submit their resignation and the due date was Dec. 7, and the resignations are to take effect on Jan. 20.
The government has, after all, declared an ambition to make China a leader in the blockchain technology that is integral to bitcoin. 
Why the government acted at this moment is unclear, but it dovetails with a campaign to rein in financial risk that has been running for a year. 
The British government was so worried about their activity that it cancelled all North Sea shipping until the congress was over. 
While it reversed the decision a few months later after a public outcry, the government is a worrying sign of how little women’s history is valued today.
Although all leading economies are now recording positive growth, Catherine Mann urged governments to curb your enthusiasm because strong and sustained medium-term global growth is not yet secured.
Warning they will not approve any spending measure to keep the government operating after Sept.30 if it devotes a penny to put in place Mr.Obama’s health care law.
If the administration will not enforce the law as written, then the American people should not be forced to fund it.
Even without it, administration officials and analysts said, it was not clear what Mr. Obama and Mr. Putin would talk about, let alone agree on.
Mr. Putin continues to express suspicions that the American missile-defense system in Europe is targeted at Russia, even after it was modified by the Obama administration.
We call on the Russian government to ensure that the universal human rights and fundamental freedoms of all of its citizens.
The North Korean government also proposed new talks with the South, to start next week, on the future of the industrial complex.
Individually, these hesitations might appear to be inconsequential, but the accumulation of them over time will change citizens’ relationship to one another and to the government.
Republicans are also threatening to block an increase in the government’s borrowing limit, unless Congress withholds money for his health care law.
The message is that whatever you do, even if you do socially useful things, if you are in opposition to the government, you are going to jail.
Navalny’s harsh prison sentence is the latest example of a disturbing trend of government actions aimed at suppressing dissent and civil society in Russia.
Some members of Parliament from his People of Liberty party have hinted that they would leave the government if he was convicted.
It's the other way around that we have so much unemployment thanks to government programs that, in effect, pay people not to work.
Both shifted into the mode of combat, with Clinton stressing her national security credentials and measuring her words, and Trump sounding a note of furious alarm.
And ahead of a campaign rally in Florida on Monday afternoon, Trump accused Clinton in a Facebook post of having emboldened terrorists as secretary of state.
Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump, said that with her attacks, Mrs. Clinton was merely trying to direct attention away from her own controversies.
Both presidential candidates, Donald J•Trump and Hillary Clinton, attended the ceremony, though neither made public remarks and both agreed not to campaign for the day.
A spokeswoman at the Unification Ministry, the South Korean government agency in charge of relations with the North Korea , said her ministry was checking the report.
Spokesmen for the CIA and FBI all declined to comment on the precise nature of the warning and why it was not forwarded, citing the investigation into Mr. Snowden's activities.
They persists with the futile effort to take down President Obama's health care law even if they also take down the speaker in the process.
He humanize their campaign against the system that denied  80 percent of South Africans any voice in their own affairs.
Chinese Communists were the one party with whom the Albanians would march together, as an Albanian spokesman once said, through any storm or tempest.
But George Little, the Pentagon press secretary, emphasized that the possibility of unilateral American military force was still on the table.
The Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov, said that the decision had been made by immigration officials and not by Mr. Putin himself. 
Seventy-three people died in the northern Spanish region of Galicia, a spokeswoman for Galicia’s Supreme Court said on Thursday morning, according to Reuters.
Throughout the nationally televised one-hour ceremony, he was grim-faced and silent while senior officials made speeches paying homage to his father and vowing fealty to him.
A deputy spokeswoman, Marie Harf, said if it did happen,this is another example of the extreme brutality of the North Korean regime.
During the last party congress, held in 1980, Mr. Kim's grandfather, the North's founding president, Kim Il-sung, spoke for five hours on his party's achievements.
Another spokesman said that Mr. Snowden had not yet made an official asylum request, as his original request was made in a faxed letter without a signature.
A spokeswoman for the agency confirmed on Wednesday that it had begun an internal investigation after the article was published on Tuesday.
Speaker John Boehner is the leader of conservative House Republicans whose push to strip money for the health law led to the shuttering of much of the government on Oct.1.
But they opened so many cases against me that this will not be my last chance to have a last word. 
But Ned Price, the National Security Council spokesman, said early Tuesday that the meeting had been canceled, The Associated Press reported.
On Tuesday, Iran' s president capped his speech to the United Nations General Assembly with a nod to the Torah and the Psalms, which elicited applause.
A State Department spokeswoman said this month that American officials had expressed to the Turkish government serious concerns about the deal.
It serves as an ally of the individual against the overmighty and a channel of influence for those denied a say. 
Vladimir I.Markin, a spokesman for the main national criminal investigation agency in Russia, the Investigative Committee, said a man carried out the second attack.
A GCHQ spokesman said that its policy was not to comment on intelligence matters, but that the agency takes its obligations under the law very seriously. 
State Department spokesman John Kirby said it was common procedure for all politically-appointed ambassadors to step down as a new US administration comes in on Jan. 20.
On the basis of additional conditions members of Congress, their staffs and White House staff members have to buy their health insurance on the insurance market without any government subsidies.
There were Mr.Trump’s pitches to the former president to settle in a gilded Trump building in Manhattan when he and Hillary Clinton left the White House.
A senior State Department official said that Mr. Kerry assured Li Keqiang that the White House was intent on resolving the standoff.
The State Department and the White House have absorbed the impact of Mr.Snowden’s disclosures on America’s diplomatic relations with other countries.
Republicans in the Senate emerged from a 90-minute meeting with Mr.Obama at the White House with a collective sense of tempered hope.
White House officials said the president would be willing to sign a short-term increase in the debt ceiling and then negotiate on larger budget issues.
But among some Democrats, especially Mr.Reid, there was a growing concern that the White House would be willing to bargain away too much.
It has loomed over every step of the debate on a long-term troop presence, both inside the White House and the Afghan presidential palace.
The White House indicated that it was reconsidering Mr. Obama’ s plan to meet President Vladimir V. Putin in Moscow next month.
Congress and the White House send markets into a swoon by failing to agree on a painless way to raise the nation’s debt ceiling.
The experts briefed Mr.Obama on Wednesday on their 46 recommendations, and a senior administration official said Mr.Obama was open to many of the changes.
By his televised remarks at the White House, Mr.Obama sought to project a tone of compromise, aides said, though some Republicans heard some partisan gloating.
Even before the meeting, the White House and its Democratic allies in Congress were all but declaring victory at the evidence.
It also presents a chronicle of C.I.A. officials’ repeatedly misleading the White House, Congress and the public about the value of brutal methods.
He vowed to inform the committee if the White House attempted to put political pressure on the FBI or on him personally over the agency’s probe.
But those intelligence leaders were not present in the Situation Room on Wednesday when Mr.Obama met the authors of the report.
Mr.Ryan said before the White House meeting that Republicans were now willing to formally negotiate with Senate Democrats over a long-term, comprehensive budget framework.
That month, Congressional Republicans and the White House failed to prevent the sequestration cuts from taking effect across military and domestic programs.
Kathryn Ruemmler, the White House counsel, said the president believed a strike would be lawful, both in international law and domestic law.
President Obama and House Republicans failed to reach agreement on a six-week extension of the nation’s borrowing authority during a meeting Thursday at the White House. 
Mr.Obama is expected to take the report to Hawaii on his vacation starting later this week and announce decisions when he returns in early January.
Speaking to the nation from the White House, Mr.Obama laid out his most extensive and detailed case for a limited strike against Syria.
The Obama administration supports that bill, the White House said on Thursday, as an orderly way to ensure case by case analysis in addressing the broader problem.
Asked what should be done with the millions of people getting health care through the law, Coats said, call the White House and ask them.
The director of national intelligence are no longer able to monitor the cellphones and emails of leaders of other nations without White House approval.
We advise that the White House come out of its current confusion, see the realities and make decisions based on facts.
If the White House can reach the coming fiscal year without economic disruption, the fight will transition immediately to the next showdown.
The White House announced the coming meeting between Mr. Obama and Mr. Putin when the two leaders met in Northern Ireland last month.
So House Republicans voted to maintain farm subsidies at a higher level than either the Senate or the White House proposed, while completely eliminating food stamps from the bill.
As a result, thousands of emails that Mrs. Clinton did not voluntarily turn over to the State Department last year could be released just weeks before the election in November.
The critics said the vote's legitimacy was undercut by violence, low turnout and the absence of the country's main opposition force from the ballots.
Zia called Sunday's vote a farcical election and said she believed that the real turnout figures were closer to 10 percent.
However, she said the BNP leaders were prepared to start negotiations immediately, after the government released party workers who had been arrested in a pre-election crackdown.
The United States and Britain each issued critical statements on Monday, noting that the absence of competition cast doubt on the elections' legitimacy.
A U.S.State Department spokeswoman, Marie Harf, urged both sides to find a way to hold as soon as possible elections that are free, fair, peaceful and credible. 
That has, in truth, been the case here ever since President Vladimir Putin came to power and proceeded to orchestrate elections.
It has been the seat of power since it was built, an emblem of white authority until the country’s first democratic elections brought Mr. Mandela to power.
Chinese helicopter has arrived the Arctic.
The Chinese ship is engaging in a five-month Antarctic expedition.
A new cabinet lineup means China is getting less attention.
He steeped himself in China issues.
The Chinese Navy is showing more confidence in certain areas.
China wants to learn from the world's most powerful navy.
China's new Cyber-security law overreaches.
Firms in China have long amassed and manipulated consumer data.
It has a factory and sells in China.
Bitcoin had been in trouble in China since February. 
China’s crackdown initially sent shock waves through global crypto-markets. 
Chinese firms benefit from cheap equipment and cheap electricity.
The Snowden episode has likewise harmed American relations with China.
They are prompting foreign executives to look deeper in China.
Could you provide an example from Laotian history? 
What role did Laos play?
That conflict also dovetailed with a civil war in Laos.
Trump eventually granted the western easement.
The Trump campaign responded with expressions of outrage.
Trump is trying to rebrand himself.
Mr.Trump’s recent efforts to moderate his tone.
Mr. Trump's turn against the former president started last week.
Mr. Trump's tactics could backfire.
Mr. Trump sought an injunction to scuttle the deal.
Trump erupted, blaming Manafort for a damaging newspaper article.
Mr. Trump was being feted in feudal style.
Mr Trump has denounced Bush's national security team vehemently.
Mr Trump offered no criticism of Mr Assad. 
Mr. Trump’s other assertion is also somewhat suspect. 
Mr. Trump recalled and said in an interview this month.
It loosely resembled Mr. Trump's show The Apprentice.
He made a statement that contradicted Donald trump.
Trump is so disliked among college-educated voters, especially white women.
Trump could face his own complications if he becomes president.
Like Mr. Trump, Mr. Lo comes from a wealthy family.
But he said that Mr. Trump went along.
But the evening was a trying experience for Mr. Trump.
Mr. Trump was there to sell US weapons systems.
Mr Trump has not commented on the legislation.
He repeatedly characterised Mr Trump as untrustworthy.
Even President Donald Trump commented.
She added a caveat for the Trump era. 
Ivanka Trump has nine trademarks in China of her own.
Donald Trump’s people have ignored the US state department.
The only thing that's changed is Trump has been elected.
Mr. Trump has described as the worst deal ever.
President Trump wants to privatise air-traffic control.
As members left the meeting, many wore beaming grins.
As Republican lawmakers left the closed meeting on Wednesday.
He has a near-perfect attendance record at these meetings.
He said in a conference call.
The meeting was held behind closed doors. 
Netanyahu said in televised remarks at the meeting.
It has already planned to meet in the coming weeks.
He apologized for the tough questioning in the first teleconference.
He canceled his appearance at the meeting.
They were asked to join the court by videoconference.
He joined friends in breaking up Communist Party meetings. 
He flew onto Beijing for a business conference.
He attended Huawei’s recent analyst meeting in Shenzhen. 
You mean you want to run the meetings？
You left a meeting to use the restroom.
You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday.
What percentage of the stockholders actually attend the meetings?
Usually the meetings are scheduled for spring and fall.
The board meeting had come to an end.
She will be going into an important business meeting.
Place the conversation topic on the leader.
Our meeting has been the most successful than ever.
It is about the staff meetings.
I was interviewed in a formally decorated conference room.
I also think the meetings should be more focused.
Have you been able to complete your meeting report yet?
But our staff meetings are very important, Arnold.
Meetings are now held in private homes.
The Spanish constitutional court has suspended the session.
I would ask for a change of venue.
The Russian Parliament adopted a sweeping amnesty law.
The cabinet must still be confirmed by Parliament.
The whole Parliament will be empty.
The agreement would leave to future negotiations the big issues.
It has allowed Mr.Thaksin's party to dominate for two decades.
Parliament can approve legislation without a quorum.
He decided to run for a parliamentary seat. 
Mr.Putin said this month in an address to Parliament.
Reporters asked for information about its parliamentary briefing.
Senate leaders expect to use a parliamentary maneuver.
We need more women and parents in Parliament.
They are distrusted by Westminster and the tabloids.
The parliament will hold a debate. 
At least among Republicans, was downright giddy.
Some were already thinking of the next fight.
Hard-line Republican lawmakers largely rallied around the speaker.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, blamed both parties.
Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California said such a reality.
He's still the intellectual center of Republicans in the House.
He is the Republican speaker of the House.
Republican critics seize on the Web site’s issues.
He remains a powerful presence among House Republicans.
They were considering helping wage primary campaigns against Republican lawmakers.
After that, the Republican Party tried to regroup.
House Republicans began their closed-door meeting on Tuesday.
Republicans often throw up hurdles.
Republicans are deeply frustrated.
Senator John McCain is Republican of Arizona.
Representative Peter is from Republican of New York. 
Republicans emerged from a closed-door meeting Saturday unified and confident.
Representative Darrell Issa is a powerful Republican committee chairman.
Some Republicans are beginning to complain more and more. 
The agreement had the backing of senior House Republicans.
Now Trump is the Republican presidential candidate.
 I know many Republicans feel the same way.
He can afford to lose only 14 Republican votes.
He was looking for options outside the party. 
They dismiss some republicans as turncoats.
Mr.Ryan was the party's vice-presidential nominee in 2012.
Mike Lee is a Utah Republican senator. 
Two women pressed their Republican counterparts to temper their demands.
Lamar Alexander is a senator Republican of Tennessee.
Republicans would then face a difficult choice.
Even so, Republicans enter these new talks with one advantage.
Soon Republicans were gleefully circulating video clips to reporters.
Republicans have recruited Representative Steve Daines for the race.
Republicans hold their largest majority in 87 years.
Republicans would agree next week to extend unemployment compensation.
It’s time for Republicans to unite behind other crucial goals.
Republicans have to understand we have lost this battle.
Republicans insist the buck stops with the secretary.
The new Republican proposal could temporarily remove that threat.
Senator Ted Cruz, a Texas Republican, complicated matters further.
House Republican leaders said this in a statement.
Senator Dianne Feinstein is a Republican of California.
Still, the House Republican offer represented a potentially significant breakthrough.
Bob Corker is a senator Repubican of Tennessee.
Eric Cantor is Representative of Virginia, the No.2 House Republican.
Republicans are considering several ideas for how to proceed.
Senator Kelly Ayotte is Republican of New Hampshire. 
Senator Patrick Toomey is Republican of Pennsylvania.
Ultimately, 94 House Republicans defied their leadership.
The vote would get overwhelming Democratic support in the House.
Democrats are closely examining the outlines of the Ryan plan.
Her four-year appointment requires confirmation by the Democratic-controlled Senate.
Republicans believe the demands of the Democratic leadership are shifting.
Other Democrats expressed concerns about another unknown variable.
The question became even more complicated for Democrats.
Democratic votes will be needed to pass an agreement.
She is reshaping the Democratic Party.
All the governors on the petition are Democrats.
Democrats around the country seek her help.
Senator Joe Manchin III is Ms.Collins’s first Democratic collaborator.
Democrats want to avoid that far more than Republicans do.
Democrats have unilaterally changed filibuster rules.
A senior Democrat accused Trump of trying to obstruct investigators.
Democrats found fault with the Republicans’ immediate proposal.
Democrats are eager to alleviate a growing spending squeeze.
Democratic senators are eager to tap her fund-raising power.
Senator Robert Menendez is a Democrat of New Jersey.
Bernie, the Democratic senator from Vermont, called the decision distasteful.
111 Democrats defied their president.
The plan carried unequal political risks.
Political tensions intrude on social gatherings.
It's been given the political deadlock in Washington.
Trade politics reflect an important asymmetry.
For Mr. Zardari, the moratorium is personal and political.
He had worked to engineer the political standoff in Washington.
The deal effectively broke down over lraqi domestic politics.
He is confident that he had the upper hand politically.
Because it could interfere with his future political career.
Rival political rallies have rocked downtown Seoul in recent weeks.
This news conference underscored his absolute political dominance here.
I urge all politicians not to rush.
He commands singular political authority.
He amassed such staggering fortunes and political influence.
And yet he could be facing his political end.
Only then will we be able to discuss political measures.
Cuomo's change of heart comes at an interesting political juncture.
The Kremlin is willing to risk more direct political challenges.
Factory owners say their political clout is vastly overstated.
Politics is ferociously contested and marred by regular nationwide strikes.
The women are hardly in lock step politically.
That would hasten political change in Russia.
Some say that has upset the established political order.
Once on American soil, he could apply for political asylum.
Mr.Yanukovich’s decision had put him in a politically untenable situation.
Many political figures spent decades in penurious exile.
The urge to put politics before health echoed Theodore Roosevelt.
We see what is happening in U.S. domestic politics.
They asserted their own political independence.
They reflect two emerging political blocs.
It abandoned its traditional secrecy over internal politics.
He is a member of the Politburo.
They hold brooms to symbolize the coming cleansing.
He transformed his court dates into political theater.
Hundreds of tainted politicians are driven from the system.
Without going to jail, you cannot be a big politician.
People who are in politics usually love debating.
You are having quite an active political season now.
Neerja Chowdhury is a journalist and political commentator.
The political pressure lifted as well, for now.
Nobody talked about authoritarian politics.
A similar dynamic drove the improbable rise of Mr.Baitha. 
Ultra-monarchists, frustrated with grinding cycles of political turmoil.
The region contended that the exercise is for political purposes.
Of course, this is more than just political posturing.
North Korea cannot do without sacrificing its political legitimacy.
Burkini  was not meant to be a political statement.
Bannon has no experience with political campaigns. 
Mr. Abe is expected to get a political lift.
We also need, though, a statement of political intent.
That is playing with political fire. 
Pluto-populism is highly politically effective.
Mr Macron’s domestic political base is fragile. 
The British political class is astonishingly ignorant of the EU.
I've always been interested in local politics.
Its twin centres of political power are almost entirely monolingual.
Foreign powers have imposed their political intentions on the region.
That deepens Egypt’s political crisis.
He struggled to achieve political legitimacy.
That’s the current event I am talking about now.
Once a week, we had a Current Events period.
I want to get to a budget agreement.
I can spend much of the budget on education.
They will support the budget bill.
A longer-term budget deal was reached.
This latest budget impasse came after years of similar episodes.
They want to avert another budget showdown.
The Republican-led House and Democratic-controlled Senate passed vastly different budgets.
What is your budgeted range?
The department is waiting on its final budgets numbers.
Departments' budgets dictate how much they can pay new hires.
Budget hasn't been finalized.
Canada's overall defence budget will rise.
Across the Caribbean, food imports have become a budget-busting problem.
While it is aesthetically intact, it is foundering financially.
The deal would increase revenue by raising some fees.
It could break the cycle of fiscal crises.
George Osborne is a chancellor of the Exchequer in Britain.
Protesters two weeks ago seized the Finance Ministry.
The Treasury resumes adding to the country’s debt.
The Treasury will exhaust its borrowing authority on Thursday.
This fiscal boost is not intended to be temporary.
The British Treasury said it was not complacent.
The structural deficit needs to be reduced, not increased. 
Let's start with the effects on the fiscal deficit.
And I think it’s a soft-power deficit, let’s call that.
I think a little bit of additional deficit is nothing.
He asks the public what they want.
At public appearances she is often seen alongside her father.
The public was not invited.
It wouldn't serve the public interest.
Mr.Jang has disappeared from public view twice before.
The Xinhua report prompted widespread mockery.
Polls show widening public support for legalization of recreational marijuana.
She runs the Department of Health and Human Services.
He had already largely withdrawn from public debate.
The public was upset over closed national monuments.
But the crackdown has struck a chord with the public.
Mr. Munoz is a well-liked figure who attracted public sympathy.
Xinshixiang is an influential public account on wechat.
The Landmarks Commission’s review was, in effect, the public’s chance.
This could lead to public scrutiny.
The public's patience with prime ministers is limited.
After the House vote, officials announced something.
American officials have said that they are prepared to reciprocate.
The students stared at the official in silence.
Officials say their goal is to invite legal immigrants.
Officials were open to trying something different.
But officials have run into a roadblock.
Officials said the elephant had traveled 900 miles.
Officials helped draft the proposal.
Navy officials defended the handling of the case.
It raised concerns among American intelligence and counterterrorism officials.
Officials said their coercion proved effective.
The operation has been widely denounced by Libyan officials.
It prevented top officials from reaching their offices.
Top Indian officials are exempt from security screenings here.
Their officials could not reach many areas in Syria.
But American officials say they need a deal finalized soon.
Western officials said that the statement was carefully worded.
Immigration agents, seeing a dilapidated car, pulled them over.
The officials cautioned that the estimate was preliminary.
Chinese officials have banned imports of New Zealand milk products.
Chinese officials announced the price-fixing investigation a month ago.
Officials in Seoul welcomed the mellowing mood.
Officials stopped short of canceling the meeting outright.
Bangladeshi officials promised to overhaul their labor laws.
Officials from the African National Congress brought a birthday cake.
The official briefed reporters on the condition of anonymity.
One Russian official suggested that he deserved the Nobel Prize.
Many American officials believe U.S. exceptionalism will prevail.
Health officials asked her too many questions.
Two days before officials said a default was possible.
No officials have been held accountable for the scandal. 
American intelligence officials have expressed grave concern.
Mr.White has worked with many officials in Washington.
A South Korean Defense Ministry official said on Monday.
And officials have denied such talks are in the works.
Officials seem to have underestimated that social and environmental impact.
Officials said the explosion was intentional. 
Officials said the inspections consisted mainly of routine paperwork checks.
Dormandy is a former American official in the State Department.
But China did the real work, said the official.
Most Afghan officials and businessmen prefer Turkey.
It requires a well-designed, courageous municipal official.
Officials have always emphasized food security.
Brotherhood officials have indicated a willingness to negotiate compromises.
Trump visited a young city official, Michael Bailkin.
Extending federal borrowing power to avert a financial default.
The shutdown sent Republican poll ratings plunging.
But he raised the possibility of reopening the government.
I didn’t come here to shut down the government.
I certainly didn’t come here to default on our debt.
Administration officials say that contention is unfair.
They have offered to help the government fix the site.
They agree with the goals of the city's program.
Surprisingly,the pro-government friend was more forgiving.
One government supporter spluttered.
Some government supporters passionately back Mr.Assad.
If lucratively they want to set up an alternative government.
They collect relatively meager monthly compensation from the government.
It is approved by the national government.
He intervenes in how the local government manages natural resources.
He acknowledges the technical failures of the HealthCare.gov Web site.
The Chinese government urges people to refrain from exercising outdoors.
The authorities decided to close all schools and kindergartens.
This is a waste of government money.
They tried to shield the government from criticism.
The government shutdown grinds toward a potential debt default.
It will allow the government to time to appeal it.
USIS has performed 700,000 yearly security checks for the government.
Some blacks deserted government to make money.
But the government has not made any decision.
They express faith in the government's ability to maintain security.
The government asked them for continued support and military help.
A theory that basically treats government policy as inherently costly.
This article interviewed six government officials.
The United States regularly consults with the Libyan government.
The United Nations peacekeepers might prop up his government.
Most America government departments have been closed for two weeks.
The government will not default in the coming days.
The government has changed the way it presents crime statistics.
Malaysia’s paternalistic government had consistently minimized the crime problem.
It was an opportunity to deepen governmental and commercial ties.
While such a situation is tearing Mr Erdogan government apart.
He warned that his new administration's work won't be easy.
The Bush administration was responsible for misguided policy.
He repeated his government's traditional condemnation.
The government has conducted widespread testing of soil across China.
The prisoners, seven in all, were captured Syrian soldiers.
His government had successfully changed the way ballooning state subsidies.
But a recent report questioned some government calculations.
My government will be one of foresight and hope.
His provincial government faced fresh criticism on Tuesday.
Washington orders nonemergency government personnel to leave Yemen.
The U.S.government remains highly concerned about possible attacks on U.S.citizens.
It is a practice that government officials have openly acknowledged.
She welcomed the government’s decision. 
This is the response to frustration at the Russian government.
He was a sharp critic of the Assad government’s repression.
There was no immediate response from Beijing or Tokyo.
There was no immediate reaction from the Chinese government.
Government was shutdown for more than two weeks. 
The government rushes to process backlogged orders.
The policies of the governing includes universal health care.
Government officials sought clarification from Washington.
A government shutdown is off the table.
The government encourages people to have babies.
The government’s policies cater to the northeast.
She was so offended by the government ads.
The government began collecting the relevant data a century ago.
It helped erode confidence in the American and Afghan governments.
There is an expansion of attacks against government targets.
This swamped the cost of the relatively brief shutdown.
It does not indicate U.S.government acceptance of China’s requirements.
They aim to keep their jobs under a military-dominated government.
Parts of the government will again run out of money.
The Ukrainian government had again issued orders to ministers.
I’m in the take-over-the-government crowd. 
We have faith in our government to bring Kenneth home.
I’m not in the shut-down-the-government crowd. 
Mr.Westerwelle said in a statement released by the German government.
Investors have demanded more compensation for lending to the government.
Pass a resolution to finance the government through Jan.15.
She rejected demands by anti-government protesters.
Individuals themselves would face scrutiny from the Mexican government.
His administration also faced a series of security-related scandal.
He declined to discuss continuing talks with the government. 
Santosh Kumar Dube holds a municipal office in Ranchi.
With a temporary shutdown appearing inevitable without a last-ditch compromise.
The Pyongyang government had little reason to exist.
Underreporting unpleasant figures is an old government habit.
This military-backed government cannot consolidate on the basis of repression.
Washington’s claim that his government approved a commando raid. 
Washington, the government shutdown still dragged on. 
Under the agreement, the government would be funded through Jan.15.
The company has no significant link to the Chinese government.
Antigovernment demonstrators continued their occupation of Kiev’s Independence Square.
The role of the Chinese government is particularly opaque.
But such expulsions, he said, were irresponsible of the government.
Most of the residents are civil servants.
The Senate would consider imposing sanctions against the Ukrainian government.
The Bush administration gave its approval.
Bush administration was unhappy with his management style.
The central government's 2004 banned on golf course construction.
US government stockpiles network weapons.
The stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem.
The Abe governmentIt should continue to do to it.
The Abe government loosened the purse strings a little.
Recently, the Abe government has realised its mistake .
It is to maintain their relationship with the government.
The state paid teachers to discourage all of these things.
She would  run for office in the US.
It looks like the government will stop him. 
Well-armed Muslim clans have fought government forces since then.
Its leaders feel undercut a previous agreement with the government.
The Russian and Syrian governments bought time for Mr. Assad.
Their direction is the direction toward shutting down the government.
He had urged the government to postpone the elections.
Over the past month, protesters have raided government ministry buildings.
Protesters have rejected offers by the government for negotiations.
He discredited the government of President Vladimir V.Putin.
They had to buy it through this government-mandated mechanism. 
The government struggles to maintain a semblance of authority.
The two governments are quietly pursuing their own interests.
Their aim is to rebel against the military-backed government.
This proves that the government's campaign is futile.
Turkey's secular government has ruled Turkey for decades.
Anti-government protesters have taken more provocative action.
It prompted accusations of government meddling in the judicial process.
Spain’s government maintains the vote was illegal.
BITCOIN and China always made odd bedfellows. 
In China the central authorities love their power. 
The government could declare them illegal. 
The party had sufficient numbers to establish a new government.
Government officials have accused the Islamists of stockpiling weapons.
The government was mostly silent on Wednesday.
His government failed to stem the tide of Taliban violence.
A spokesman for Mr.Boehner would not characterize the speaker’s response.
He is a spokesman for the foundation. 
He is a spokeswoman for the National Association of Manufacturers.
An N.S.A.spokeswoman declined to comment.
George, the Defense Department spokesman, declined comment on Tuesday.
Gabriela was a spokeswoman for the Romanian Procuratorate.
The Vatican’s spokesman, the Rev.Federico Lombardi, emphatically denied the report.
An embassy spokesman declined to comment on the case.
Jeong Joon-hee is a South Korean government spokesman.
He is Prime Minister David Cameron’s chief spokesman.
ANSA spokeswoman had no immediate comment on the publication.
Caitlin Hayden is the spokeswoman for the National Security Council.
But findings aren't nationally representative, according to a company spokesperson.
The press secretary says hundreds of things every day.
He is the White House press secretary.
White House officials declined to answer questions.
On Monday, White House officials again refused.
How has the White House accumulated such powers?
The White House is sticking with its stance.
She is working behind the scenes with White House officials.
He ate a very nice dinner at the White House.
He is the White House chief of staff.
The White House’s lack of a proper sewage system.
The White House was just as blunt.
White House officials dismissed the thought as a nonstarter.
Such a trade-off would be hard for the White House.
He cheerfully handed over power to an elected successor.
He is possibly prohibited from taking part in electoral politics.
He won the election against Mr.Navalny.
They did not amount to meddling in an election.
The election itself, however, has not followed the usual script.
He is almost certain to win Sunday's vote. 
It ensures that only Kremlin-approved candidates win elections.
Orange revolution overturned a fraudulent election in Ukraine in 2004.
The election was an important democratic step in a country.
But his ventures into electoral politics were less successful.
Because it was in September of an election year.
Ms.Yingluck’s Pheu Thai Party has won every election since 2001.
The Democrat Party has lost every election since 1992.
The political groups are not ready for an election.
The election commission is ready to hold elections.
There's no use for the election commission to do it.
Roosevelt ultimately lost the election.
The source of mistrust of electoral politics seems clear.
Ella Pamfilova was head of the Central Election Commission. 
I was very much interested in the election.
A postponement would be a victory for the protesters.
Election Commission officials were evacuated from the site by helicopter.
It will come down to elections.
It's as if it's not worth it to have elections.
The country's interior minister, reacted angrily to the proposed postponement.
It’s impossible to stop the election.
Ruling parties have lost ground in national and local elections.
They wrote suffrage speeches, newspapers, novels and plays. 
She had been pressed into sexual servitude in Japanese military.
What kind of deal you were striking with Japan?
He would probably gain more support from moderate Japanese voters.
He backed Japan with strong words.
Many ethnic Koreans in Japan felt obliged to take sides.
Is Japan putting sovereignty over safety?
He denied reports from South Korea and Japan.
Mr.Aso served as prime minister five years ago.
Mr.Abe has been leading his nation to the nationalistic right.
The Constitution was written by American occupiers after the war.
Japanese companies from other industries could contribute to the cleanup.
It returned Japan to effective one-party rule.
Japanese groups pile into tourist buses.
Finally he went to a summer golf camp in Japan.
The Chinese are seriously underestimating Washington’s resolve to back Japan.
These islands has been long administered by Japan.
The decision contrasted with that of Japan’s government last week.
He scolded Japanese criticism of the air zone as irresponsible.
He still emphasizes that Japan’s forces must remain purely defensive.
The cabinet is expected to approve both drafts next week.
Both Japan and South Korea immediately rejected China's demand.
Japan's growth engine has been massive government spending.
The U.S.has 15,000 golf courses, Japan 2,500.
Both are the concerns for Japan’s security.
Yasukuni Shrine honors Japan’s war dead, including convicted war criminals.
Japan has been the world’s surprising growth story this year.
South Korea defied both China and Japan.
The Fukushima nuclear disaster happened in Japan in 2011.
Yamato Transport is the country's largest logistics company.
That figure understates how tight Japan's jobs market has become.
Rather, it has made significant progress, in a difficult environment.
Japan is primed for inflation.
And I think even Japanese ships will be coming.
Would you like Chinese, Western, Japanese or Korean cuisine?
We specialize in the export of Japanese Light Industrial Products.
Japan is doing crazy things with toilets.
It’s very popular with both Japanese and foreign guests.
School curriculum paid too much attention to Japan’s wartime atrocities.
As it has for many companies, China has become a major market for Rolls Royce in recent years.
China accounted for 9 percent of the company's global revenues of 12.2 billion in 2012.
Sooty skies are not the only reliable indicator that winter has finally descended on the Chinese capital.
Market changes began transforming the nation's communal agriculture system, making food supplies more plentiful.
The six-plus tons destroyed on Monday represent only a small part of China's total ivory stockpile.
In early December, he abandoned his adopted home, Brooklyn, for the Chinese village he had come from two decades ago.
They have emptied the towns and villages around Fuzhou, in the Fujian Province in southeastern China, for Sunset Park.
Once in New York, the men board buses for jobs in the Chinese takeout shops and buffets.
The night of Oct.26, Ms.Li, in a call with her mother-in-law in China, told her that Mr.Chen had a knife.
When he was 21, he was smuggled out of China for $40,000.
While others sent their children to be raised in China, Ms.Li stayed at home with their four children.
I will never be able to see my son again, Mr.Yixiang said, speaking from China.
What they know are numbers, highway exits, area codes and the time it takes to ride back to Chinatown.
They scattered daisies and carnations over the coffins，white flowers, the Chinese color of grief.
The funds are expected to be able to raise $50 million each from Chinese institutions to invest around the world.
The notion of the floodgates opening is not something you can reconcile with the developments of the markets in China.
It aims to dismantle some barriers that separate their country from global markets.
If you look at the pyramid of age in China, you will have an aging population.
These capital controls mean that Chinese savers have limited options for investments.
News of the trial program was first reported by the 21st Century Business Herald, a Chinese newspaper.
As part of China's effort at reform, Shanghai is expected to announce a free-trade zone in the coming months.
Tomb Sweeping Day is a festival for Chinese people to remember their ancestors.
Seventy one percent of Chinese respondents agreed with the statement I measure my success by the things I own.
Chinese ranked below the global average in terms of optimism about their personal future.
In China, money can achieve many things that it can't in other countries.
The social ideology in China is more practical than in capitalist nations.
China overtook France to become the world's third-largest market for luxury goods.
They have argued that Chinese society has become obsessed with money.
Some Chinese have no hesitation about making conspicuous displays of their wealth.
Increasing Internet usage in China has only made the wealth gap more visible.
A woman rattled off the occupational hazards of working as a prostitute in China.
It’s another rotten branch of the Chinese legal system, and it should be abolished.
Cadmium that accumulates in rice plants not only gets into the rice on China’s tables, but also into animals’ meat.
It makes it harder for the average Chinese to judge what they eat.
Levels of toxic heavy metals in the wastewater here are among the highest in China.
News organizations in China have been reporting more and more on a range of high-risk cancer villages.
The China center for disease control and pollution released a study.
The farm-to-table process in China starts in villages like this one in the agricultural heartland.
The foods are staples of Chinese cooking, rice,cabbage, carrots, turnips and sweet potatoes.
The province is also one of China’s top producers of nonferrous metals.
Iran’s largest customer, China, has not been paying for oil purchases with cash.
Instead of getting our money we have been forced to buy 315 Chinese-made subway coaches at higher prices
He complains that the Chinese were also pocketing the interest at Iranian oil bank accounts in China.
It has caused problems most recently among pork producers in China. 
It is the largest fine China has ever issued for violations of its antimonopoly law.
A wide scandal involving tainted Chinese-made milk powder that caused widespread illness and some deaths.
The Chinese agency said they had cooperated with the investigation and had been quick to change their practices.
It has been mired in a separate food safety scandal in China.
This week, a top Fonterra executive flew to China to issue an apology at a news conference.
Foreign brands have become popular since the Chinese milk industry experienced severe losses after the 2008 scandal.
Many Chinese mothers prefer to give their babies formula rather than breast milk.
The market for infant formula in China is enormous and growing fast.
Chinese parents have gone to great lengths to buy foreign-made infant milk powder.
The law was imposed in March to crack down on smuggling of milk powder to the mainland.
The only other site for such liftoffs is in Jiuquan, in the Gobi Desert in China.
China's high-speed rail system has emerged as an unexpected success story.
It is one reason for China's continued economic growth when other emerging economies are faltering.
China relocated large numbers of families whose homes lay in the path of the tracks.
It has rapidly attracted large numbers of residents, partly because of China's rapid urbanization.
It not just because few places can match China's pace of urbanization.
China's high-speed rail program has been married to the world's most ambitious subway construction program.
Bangladesh became a garment power, now trailing only China in global clothing exports.
Under the rules of global textiles, developing countries faced restrictions on garment exports.
Bangladesh’s garment industry is the world’s second-leading clothing exporter after China’s.
Kit Fong Lee said the old people here, most of whom are Chinese immigrants.
Chinese immigrants received Social Security benefits of, on average, about $600 a month, around half the national average.
Complying with the rules would add legitimacy to Chinese claims to islands that sit below the now contested airspace.
Since Ye.'s debut in the China Open, he has received queries from two PGA Tour caddies.
Since the zone was announced on Nov.23, 55 airlines from 19 countries had provided China with flight information.
China is known to have difficulties in developing aero engine technology.
Chinese equipment is priced lower and could become popular in emerging markets, including in African and Latin American nations.
Mr.Xi's sanguine words were calculated to send a different message, according to China experts.
At last the Chinese people finally have an internationally recognized competition of their own.
Chinese built drones and aircraft are generally built to compete on price.
China has moved before to stop the export of other technologies that could be used in nuclear programs.
China is well on its way to becoming a heavyweight player in the classical music world.
As China moves to catch up with established Western rivals, competing not only on price but also with comparable technology.
China is seeking to use the island dispute to demonstrate to the rest of Asia.
China, in doing this, effectively is attempting to transform an air zone into its own domestic airspace.
China has been throwing billions and billions of dollars at research and development. 
China has engaged in extensive cooperation with Pakistan in nuclear power.
The Chinese film star Jet Li even learned martial arts there.
China has already reduced its target for nuclear power capacity in 2015 to 40 gigawatts, from 50.
China demanded that planes flying in the area first notify Chinese authorities.
China held about $3.66 trillion worth at the end of September, according to the country’s central bank.
Chinese investors will most likely have a minority stake in the Hinkley Point project.
The Chinese sports system is trying to make up for lost time.
China is Pakistan’s biggest ally, and each relies on the other to help counter India.
The junior-golf trailblazers of China live two hours from each other in southern Guangdong Province.
The price of Chinese goods would rise by significantly less than 45 percent.
China will remain an important engine for world growth amid sluggish global economic recovery.
The Chinese told me that we would have to wait until after the fifteenth of September to close the deal.
None of this golf infrastructure, and the golf culture that accompanies it, exists in China.
The push by Chinese companies to develop and sell higher-tech arms was a very normal phenomenon.
Chinese women have a greater chance of achieving breakthroughs on the international stage.
And Chinese leaders called on a befuddled world to start considering building a de-Americanized world.
Drone is another focal point in the Chinese arms industry. 
China's economy will continue to enjoy medium-high growth and be upgraded to higher levels.
The wealthy children of China's economic boom are often derided as little emperors.
China scrambled fighter jets to enforce its newly declared air defense zone.
China will be an important client when it comes to football.
China will be competing with us in many, many domains, and in the high end.
Chinese families may be able to create perfect petri-dish conditions for incubating golf prodigies.
How will China and the United States resolve their basic differences?
The Aviation Industry Corporation of China, or AVIC, had on display a model of a Wing Loong.
Chinese engineers had been trying to develop an engine, the WS-10. 
Chinese children have not traditionally grown up with Mickey Mouse and his cartoon friends.
China’s interest in the British nuclear industry signals a break from a mostly domestic focus.
Exports to the United States soared, particularly after China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
A Chinese account confirms many of the elements of the incident as described by the United States Navy this week.
Chinese jets still had big shortcomings that could hurt international sales.
China's defense companies have been working hard to export higher-end systems but with few successes so far.
There were few concerns with a Chinese role because of the partnership with the French in China.
The assembly line China has created for other sports does not yet exist for golf.
China passed the United States in overall generating capacity in 2011.
Not all of the top juniors in China have perfect technique. 
The largest Chinese arms production companies, all state-owned, declined interview requests.
China stoked regional tensions by unilaterally expanding its own air patrol zone.
China intrudes into waters around disputed islands claimed by both nations and its recent creation of an air defense zone.
China became the world's third-largest arms exporter and behind the United States and Russia.
China is the fifth-largest arms exporter in the world, ahead of Britain.
China surpassed Canada and Sweden, and  China is the world’s eighth-largest exporter by value.
The volume of Chinese conventional weapons included high-end aircraft, missiles, ships and artillery .
China should refrain from taking similar unilateral actions elsewhere in the region, particularly over the South China Sea.
China does not want to see a trade war between the US and China. 
China has no choice but to keep and not cut U.S. debt holdings.
There are at least 50 sets of laws and regulations that exist that China has crossed the boundaries.
China will continue to remain engaged and participate in the liberalization of global trade.
The Chinese had also sent jets on patrol into the contested airspace the day before.
The policies involved the South China Sea, the group’s relationship with the United States and China.
That same pressure exists across Chinese society as families coax their children to excel in piano, ballet, English or mathematics.
This level of pollution is more often associated with northern China.
These islands include the uninhabited islands in the East China Sea at the center of the territorial dispute with China.
It is an apparent reference to China’s growing naval presence in the region.
This is a new Chinese model for creating a golf star.
This is the first time I've heard of a Chinese drone.
It gave China greater opportunity to highlight its role in the region.
It's up to China, and we'll see how things will unfold in the coming days and weeks.
The generally favorable audience is organized by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
It will make the Chinese conglomerate the top shareholder in Germany's largest lender.
This Chinese group had now acquired an aggregate 204.7m of 2.06bn shares outstanding in the German bank.
This will be an intelligent and stylish brand anchored by a Chinese spirit.
The decadent private members' club is atop the former Bank of China building.
The lethal strike represents a major step forward in China's drive to become a leading exporter of military equipment.
The flooding hit near North Korea's border with China, the poorest region in the country.
In Chinese homes, the shift raises questions about family ties and filial responsibilities.
China has long resisted punishing North Korea for its nuclear programs.
Mr.Jang, long considered a champion of a Chinese-style economic reform in North Korea.
Mr.Jang was particularly close to China and was pushing North Korea toward a more Chinese-style economic reform.
Bad air had spurred a boom in pollution jokes, as Chinese try to face the burdens of pollution with humor.
Homosexuality is largely taboo in Chinese society, as is too-open discussion of any kind of sex.
The wealthy families who have profited from the nation's market reforms are replicating those.
Midea, a Chinese appliance maker, has been expanding its range of smaller rice cookers. 
The penalty for rape in China can include life in jail and execution.
In arms manufacturing, China is trying to increase the quality and reduce price.
During his trip to China last week, Vice President Joseph R.Biden Jr.had breakfast with American business leaders.
South Korea has emphasized building what it calls a strategic cooperative partnership with China under Ms.Park.
Jet engines is an area in which China has until now been dependent on Western and Russian partners.
Cooperation on civil nuclear energy with China has been going on for a long time.
Mr. Cheng told the China News Service on Wednesday, before the deal in Congress was reached.
Soldiers used the Chinese drone on Dec.6 to destroy an ISIS position amid efforts to retake the city of Ramadi.
China have became a partner of FIFA for the third time in less than a year.
All told, the United States imported $481.9 billion in Chinese goods in 2015, and it broke a record.
American businesses and consumers bought $481.9 billion in Chinese goods in 2015.
The rising tensions with China prompted them to reconsider their lingering aversion to an expanded American military footprint.
China conversely wants at least an equal role with United States as a minimum objective.
A dozen top Chinese juniors have enrolled in full-time residential golf academies in the United States.
Some say hundreds of Chinese contracted the HIV virus from contaminated blood products.
There were worries about how such a visit would be viewed in China, South Korea and other countries in Asia.
Tn e-mail chain that included a line,referring to the Chinese Army.
Britain’s ability to succeed with China's help is anything but assured.
Yin is the director of the Chinese Navy Advisory Committee for Information.
Because families often preferred male babies, China has a surplus of men, further complicating marriage prospects.
A rare and poisonous plant grown in the Himalayas and known to have been used in Chinese assassinations.
A day earlier in Tokyo, Mr.Biden condemned China's action as an effort to unilaterally change the status quo.
A Chinese ship warned an American guided missile cruiser in the South China Sea.
Building the naval base is to respond quickly to any dispute with China over the submerged reef.
Are things at an inflection point and how do Chinese commentators see it?
Mr. Xi robustly defended China’s air defense zone and brushed aside the vice president’s appeal on behalf of correspondents.
The haze lets us clearly understand that for China to become the factory of the world is not without costs.
By year five, he wants to open the first shop in China.
I followed Ye during the first round at the China Open.
I think that China’s position today is a very lonely one.
We've come to expect such precociousness from China's assembly line of Olympic gymnasts and female weight lifters.
We are concerned about the changes in family structures in China.
We have real concerns with this move by China because it raises real questions about their intentions.
China will not overreach its regional influence to seek trade arrangements where the country's due role is not in place.
To achieve its growth goals in China, Disney needs both beachheads to thrive.
In the effort to create a Chinese star, families are not the only ones doubling down.
Being the childhood coach of Guan gives Webb extra cachet in China.
It is a pattern any foreigner doing business in China would recognize.
Foreign pros in China often find themselves in the odd position. 
Mr.Warmbier traveled there with Young Pioneer Tours, a China-based group that specializes in visits to North Korea.
The United States would reduce what he sees as the escalating chance of war by accommodating China. 
China still faces yawning gaps in wages and employment between men and women, according to surveys.
It also highlights the surveillance practices of the United States military that have long irritated China.
It reverses a decade of military spending cuts to offset a rapid military buildup by China.
It could also lead Chinese consumers to put more money away in the bank or under mattresses.
He became the youngest golfer ever to compete in a European Tour event when he played in the China Open.
His last target while working as an agency contractor was China.
He hopes to announce further progress with China on climate change.
He wants Webb to open 50 golf academies in China over the next three years.
He said he would bring up these concerns in detail when he met with the Chinese leadership.
They strongly criticized China’s recent unilateral declaration of an air defense identification zone over the East China Sea.
He had just bankrolled a Chinese reality television show called Wise Man Takes All.
He sent a ceremonial offering instead in an apparent effort to avoid angering Asian neighbors including China.
It becomes the third big Chinese company to sponsor the World Cup in the past year.
He describes the economic policies as providing unfair advantages to Chinese companies.
He added that the Chinese ban will help, since North Korea procures so much from China.
All Chinese investments had to meet strict standards for safety and security.
The jewelry industry expects sales growth to slow in China as marriage declines.
As disputes with China mount, America has also become less concerned about how the visit will be received in Beijing.
Over time, stakes in subsequent new power stations could be majority stakes. 
China then appeared to back down somewhat from its initial declaration.
Although there was no indication that China's air force showed any hostile intent, the move raised tensions.
The engine was a foreign make, though other parts, including the missiles, had been developed in China.
Several Chinese bloggers suggested that a Global Times article published on Monday fell into that category.
The balance of power shifts with the rise of China and the decline of American influence.
No other country in the world is putting as many resources into golf as China.
This sheet, prepared by managers at a Chinese factory and obtained by The Times, had one purpose.
Losing China's market could mean sacrificing better jobs for less desirable ones.
Its selection last month of a little-known Chinese defense company, China Precision Machinery Export-Import Corporation.
And yet Chinese wunderkinds are now beginning to infiltrate some of the highest levels of golf.
Nearly one-third of the world's 50 most congested cities in the world was in China.
Last year, Mr. Jang visited China to seek Beijing’s help in building two free economic zones on its border.
Last year, 12 million Chinese couples registered for marriage, making it the second consecutive year the number has declined.
Last year, he visited China to seek Beijing’s help in building two free economic zones on its border.
The restrictive one-child policy still prevalent in many parts of the country.
So far, the C.G.A.has built a three-tier system of  pro, amateur and junior national teams.
Other leading garment-producing nations, like China, Honduras, Indonesia, Pakistan and Vietnam, are not getting such stepped-up attention or expanded inspections.
China's first golf course built since then is not yet three decades old which is younger than Tiger Woods.
Apple’s supplier responsibility statement bars employees of supplier companies in China from working more than 60 hours a week.
Which type of strategic assets should European countries be open to investment from China?
You would think that the Chinese would understand that, as well.
Those are news of his visit to the Museum of Qin Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses in Xi’an, China.
And that thing has created a feeling of arrogance and China feels it can set the rules.
The objective has been to make China a central focus of the pivot without making China into the bull’s-eye.
The United States cannot support its allies in Asia in the face of China’s growing power.
Myanmar will be at the center of trying to forge consensus, especially among members that lean toward China.
Myanmar has to be careful of China, its chief economic benefactor but unpopular among the Myanmar public.
The US could always argue the Chinese currency should be allowed to float completely free of state intervention. 
David Albright, the American expert who said China was now implementing the United Nation’s sanctions passed in March.
The United States is losing ground to China and must consider a power-sharing arrangement to avoid war.
The United States should share power with China in the Asia-Pacific region.
Primacy for the United States and equality for China are inherently incompatible.
The United States Pacific Air Forces command wanted to guard against China.
The United States considered the move a provocative attempt by China to expand its control over airspace in the region.
The strategic rivalry between the United States and China is driven by their different and incompatible roles in the region.
Both the Chinese and the American vessels were in international waters.
The United States Navy contends that there was a near collision between the Cowpens and the amphibious vessel.
China reacted to Congress’ deal avoiding a debt default for now with welcomes, warnings and mockery on Thursday.
Any of these measures taken by the United States will be taken by the Chinese as support for Manila.
The United States had not asked airlines to file flight plans with the Chinese.
Every winter over school holiday, Tang and his mother travel south, to China's golf mecca.
Mr. Lo said his show had met his real goal of promoting entrepreneurship in China.
British companies like Rolls-Royce and International Nuclear Services could win a bigger role in China’s nuclear power expansion. 
The Butterfly Lovers is a popular Chinese concerto composed in 1959.
The Federal Aviation Administration has advised civilian aircraft to comply with China's request when flying into the airspace.
For example, married couples in China traditionally care for aging parents.
In those terms, the reputational damage is far less for China.
Spreading pollution makes Chinese citizens more equal and clearheaded about the threat they face.
The expanded Chinese air control zone covers a set of East China Sea islands.
The expanded Chinese air patrol zone partly overlap with South Korea’s and include airspace over the reef. 
Trans Pacific Partnership is a trade bloc that is led by the United States and that excludes China.
Hua Chunying told a daily news conference in Beijing, according to the Web site of the China Daily newspaper.
He estimated that China was still a decade away from competing head-to-head with Western nations on the technology itself.
Though his parents are small, their homeland in northeastern China is known for producing giants.
70,000 new cases were identified in the first nine months of this year.
Iron Man 3 took in $121.2 million in China this year.
China had 434,000 people with HIV/AIDS as of the end of September.
There were an estimated 780,000 people living with HIV in China, in 2011.
Corporations, too, are eager to find a figure who can help build a sport that appeals to China's status-conscious elites.
Even today, the state ostensibly outlaws the construction of new courses in mainland China.
The Global Times report cited the People’s Liberation Army Navy as its source.
It is clear that the Chinese do not seek regional stability on any level.
Many Chinese believe that a woman experiencing sexual harassment is herself to blame.
There are many French companies working with the Chinese on these issues.
South Korea recognizes the growing importance of Beijing’s role in international efforts to curb North Korea’s nuclear weapons program.
The submerged reef is called Ieodo in South Korea and Suyan Rock in China.
HNA ranked top among Chinese outbound investors so far this year.
China has prospered over the last few decades by focusing its economy on low-cost manufacturing for foreign markets.
In the past, Chinese companies have been known mainly as suppliers of small arms, but that is changing quickly.
The national golf training center was inaugurated last year in Nanshan in Shandong Province.
FIFA has secured crucial financial backing from Chinese smart phone maker.
Cuba rents out the services of tens of thousands of doctors to other developing countries.
The international waters are far away from China’s 12-mile territorial line.
Companies selling drones are ubiquitous at arms and aviation shows. 
Iron Man has proved his might at the Chinese box office.
The drone represents China's research and production of drones march toward the world.
The advice did not mean that the United States was recognizing the air defense zone.
They are under a parental discipline that can rival the toughest coaches in the Chinese sports system.
There's a zero percent chance the Russians or Chinese have received any documents.
Russian companies are feeling the greatest pressure, but American and other Western companies are also increasingly running into the Chinese.
As for China, lack or stopped development represents the biggest risk for this country. 
This is a remarkable win for the Chinese arms industry. 
For Zhang Yimou ,almost certainly one of China’s most well-paid directors ,that could add up.
Disney must also fend off competition in the booming Chinese theme park market.
The German utility E.On.Opens its nuclear power industry to Chinese investment. 
An American missile-carrying cruiser nearly collided with a Chinese ship that was accompanying China’s aircraft carrier, the Liaoning.
When Bao Bao turns 4, she will join her older brother, Tai Shan, in China.
But China's sports system prides itself on developing male and female athletes with equal vigor.
But in China, the sudden explosion of wealth and the preponderance of only children intensifies the anxiety of parents. 
But Chinese consumers could simply spend money on something else with single young people leading the pack.
Nonetheless, Turkey’s selection of a Chinese state-owned manufacturer is a breakthrough for China.
Yet the tantalizing sight of a Chinese boy at the Masters has compelled some parents to push even harder.
But the case of the golf prodigies is more curious and complex, offering an unusual window into modern China.
But Cheng Siwei explained that China’s choices are more limited and complex than such blaring headlines suggest.
The record he broke was set the year before by none other than his Chinese rival, Guan.
China’s foreign arms sales are also rising fast in dollar terms.
The military aircrafts of Japan and South Korea have flown through the disputed airspace without informing China since that.
The volume of Chinese conventional weapons exports jumped by 162 percent from 2008 to 2012.
Beyond them, training with ferocious intensity, is a small but growing band of younger Chinese golfers.
The North Korea was exposed, protected only by a China that was more focused on improving ties with the West.
The North’s young leader, Kim Jong-un, has appeared to ignore Chinese pleas for moderation.
The CH-4 is manufactured by a state-owned enterprise group of the Beijing-based China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.
But Mr.Biden's strong words, combined with his appeal to China's top leader, appears to have smoothed over that flap.
Mr.Bitzinger estimated that Iraq's armed forces had to buy six to 12 Chinese drones to conduct operations efficiently.
Britain said on Thursday that it would allow Chinese firms to buy stakes in British nuclear power plants.
He made the announcement on Thursday while visiting a nuclear power station in southern China.
The report said that China is still preparing to participate in a major naval exercise next year.
The N.S.A. knew he had not cooperated with the Russians or the Chinese.
By 9, he was winning most tournaments in his age group in China.
Thirty years ago, there were no golfers or golf courses in mainland China.
He also led American efforts in the 1990s to bring China into the World Trade Organization.
Americans bought $14.2 billion worth of Chinese shoes, $2.5 billion of Chinese jewelry and $593 million of Chinese rugs.
The United States sold $116.2 billion in goods to China in 2015.
A 2013 study estimated that China's rise had eliminated at least one million domestic factory jobs.
A tense confrontation between a United States Navy surveillance ship and five Chinese ships occurred in 2009.
An American EP-3 surveillance aircraft collided with a Chinese fighter jet in 2001.
This Chinese conglomerate began life in 1989 as a regional airline.
You're going to see those sophisticated manufacturing technologies taken back into China.
Xu Haidong is assistant secretary-general of the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
While the quality of Chinese brands has risen over the past two decades, it still lags that of western automakers.
While his popularity is very high, people in the Philippines have very high anxiety over China.
We have been a net creator of jobs in China, but the jobs will change over time.
We are bullish on the continued emergence of the Chinese consumer.
We are being ambitious and aggressive to help grow a mass participation sport in China.
Video of the fracas became the top trending item on Sina Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter.
The tiny proportion potentially signals under-reporting of quality and safety issues by the country's auto industry.
The reason is the recent developments in technology and the commercial environment in China.
The company is owned by Wang Jianlin, one of China’s richest people.
The Chinese telecoms giant’s views on the bottom line betray a similarly collectivist bent.
The Chinese internet giant says it already provides more than 17 million songs to 600 million monthly active users.
The Chinese capital will cap its population at 23 million long-term residents by 2020.
The bike-sharing business took off in big Chinese cities less than two years ago.
Rising wages in China and a rising number of labour disputes have pushed many apparel manufacturers to shift production away.
Or he says things like there is no use fighting China because they will do what they will do.
Officially, China still encourages the integration into cities of hundreds of millions of people still residing in the countryside. 
North Korea has vented its frustrations with China as tensions on the Korean peninsula subside.
Mr Manalo also played down the significance of the Chinese ship visit.
Mr Duterte said he was open to holding joint exercises with the Chinese military.
Meanwhile, rising consumer nationalism in China has made foreign companies particularly trigger happy when issuing recalls, experts said.
Lucian added that Tencent could help to speed up China's music ecosystem.
Last year 11milliom autos were recalled in China, just over 120,000 of which were domestic brands, according to AQSIQ.
Last August, the company announced the addition of three Ironman 70.3 triathlons in China in 2017.
It's definitely not normal for the domestic manufacturers in China to have 1 per cent of the recalls.
It was the right time for an innovative strategic partnership with a leading Chinese company like Tencent.
It is the main reason why China will be the most powerful country in a decade.
It also allows it to exclusively sub-license Universal Music's content to third-party music service providers in China.
In 2016, the company held its first two Ironman 70.3 races in Hefei and Xiamen, China.
I am not so concerned about the relationship with China as I am with the relationship with the US.
Horrifying video footage shows the moment a schoolgirl from southeast China was dragged by a teacher while at school.
He returned from Australia to set up a sandwich shop in Beijing because he thought China offered greater opportunity. 
Domestic Chinese brands accounted for 1 per cent of car recalls in China last year.
Chinese telecom technology firm Huawei last Tuesday launched its premium Huawei P10 smartphone in Kenya.
Chinese automakers are still concerned about whether recalls will have a negative impact on their brand.
China's General Administration of Quality Supervision Inspection and Quarantine is responsible for enforcing quality standards.
China is the last bastion of freedom of a different sort.
China is one of the world’s fastest growing major airline markets.
China has dialled down its public pressure on Pyongyang in recent days.
China has a large population and meeting all these people’s needs is hard.
But they are instead typically made almost entirely in China by joint ventures.
But his comments came as Manila is improving its ties with China. 
Because of the size of the Chinese market, you want speed to access the market. 
Anecdotal evidence suggests domestic automakers in China prefer to fix problems discreetly with consumers, rather than via public recalls. 
You'll get a general glimpse into Chinese kung fu culture. 
You may convert the unused RMB back into foreign currency when you leave China.
With this award, he became the first Chinese to claim the world-renowned Nobel Prize for children's literature.
Why are Chinese leaders so paranoid about the United States? 
What risks is the People's Insurance Company of China able to cover? 
We have so many favorable conditions for you to invest in China.
We established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China import &Export Corporation in 2003.
Traditionally, Chinese tend to think working for public or State-owned institutions is more decent.
Though the Chinese might be tough on Donald Trump, they’re soft on the Ivanka.
This year marked the cultural exchange year between China and Latin American and Caribbean countries. 
This is the survey report issued by CCIB in support of you claim.
This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of China.
They plan to leave in the second half of April and stay in China about a week. 
There is a wide variety of cultural activities to promote Chinese and Latin America culture, advance mutual friendship and understanding.
There is a reservation through China International Travel Service, which is the Rose Dinning Room.
There are many favorable conditions for investment in Chinese joint ventures.
There appeared a new Chinese fountain spurting out water drops glistening in the sunlight.
Then your Chinese partner shall submit the project proposal to the authorities concerned for examination and approval.
The young population of China is more aware than anyone of the seriousness of the climate crisis.
The same report also quoted officials from China's communicable disease centre.
The rest can be party obtained through Chinese bank's loans if you are confronted with lacks of funds.
The problem, however, is that we remain skeptical about investing in China.
The problem is that we're still doubtful of investment in China.
The opening of China, the fall of the Berlin Wall and the coming of the internet all boosted English.
The only problem unconsciously assumed by all Chinese Philosophers to be of any importance is how we should enjoy life.
The homesick Chinese teachers seemed to feel that at the sight of these characters.
The Chinese plastic surgery business was one of hordes of operations.
The 22-year-old girl from the Communication University of China explains it.
So there’s actually an extremely high amount of negativity and fear and anxiety about China.
So that’s why I want to share Chinese music with you today.
Shi Guangyao is a director of the China Center for Market Value Management.
She depicts the Chinese capital as a city divided by social class.
Science-fiction author Hao Jingfang became the first Chinese woman to win a Hugo Award.
Sai Zhenzhu, was an American writer who spent most of her time until 1934 in China. 
Russia and China have lots of well-informed people who can sift English documents looking for intelligence.
Russia and China didn’t know much about what went on in western societies.
Rich Chinese citizens are moving to Vancouver while Europeans generally head to Toronto and Montreal.
Pota said it was encouraging that young people in China were aware how serious the problem of climate change is.
Perhaps the Chinese culture as a whole has a special inclination towards aesthetics.　　
Party A shall repatriate the patient to China and bear the cost of his passage to Guangzhou.
Open more markets for American companies,and promote Chinese investment in the U.S.
One day the president of the college carne to visit the Chinese teachers.
Now that you have learned Kung fu for a few months, what are your general impression of it?
Nor can it easily send the information back to ordinary Russians and Chinese.
Mr. Zhang met Mr. William in the office of the People' Insurance Company of China. 
Most Russian and Chinese anglophones had been killed or exiled after the communist revolutions.
May I invite you to a dinner at a Chinese restaurant?
Mandarin retains an advantage here, given that China is important economically.
Living in China while representing the United States has truly been an exciting privilege for our entire family.
Ivanka has a face that appeals to some Chinese standards of beauty. 
It was found that 53 percent of those questioned in China thought the world was becoming a better place. 
It reminded me of an American idiom I had learned in English class in China.
It reinforces China's firm stance on preventing the loss of relics.
It is the only problem unconsciously assumed by all Chinese philosophers to be of any importance.
It claimed the record for the highest paid Chinese artwork at auction this year.
If you fork out big bucks and go under the knife in China. 
I think you probably know China has adopted a flexible policy in her foreign trade.
I know a restaurant here where delicious Chinese food is served.
I am extremely proud of the work of our staff at the U.S. embassy and consulates in china.
How does a foreign enterprise apply for a patent in China?
He is also known for his pioneering infusion of traditional Chinese elements and instrumentation into contemporary music.
He is a celebrated playwright, whom fans call China's William Shakespeare.
He attended the China-Latin America and the Caribbean Summit in Brasilia.
Don’t come to Oxford as an exchange student from Taiwan and only hang out with other Chinese students.
Delighted by the beauty of their fountain he asked them to design another one for the college.
Chinese President Xi Jinping proposed the culture exchange year plan in July 2014. 
Chinese pop, on the other hand, can just kind of stay domestic, tour all over Chinese-speaking territories and comfortably sustained.
Chinese artwork at auction has been sold at highest price this year.
Chinese and Russian elites sent their children to study in the US and UK.
China's 24 Solar Terms were added to UNESCO's List of Intangible Cultural Heritage on Nov 30 this year.
China's 24 Solar Terms is considered as the country's fifth greatest invention.
China is a big country with a large population, rich resources and a comparatively low level of wages and salaries.
Children's literature writer Cao Wenxuan, 62, won the Hans Christian Andersen Award for his work.
But the allure of Australia has increased in recent years, especially for wealthy citizens of China and India.
But in China we have a saying, business is concluded on the table. 
But if you are interested in what is going on in China, then you are living in China.
Both Chinese and Western people love to drink with their food especially wine or beer. 
Bloomberg says, on the cover of its magazine, the Chinese Army is spying on you.
As for young people in China, what they fear most is the impact of climate change.
As an ambassador for Chinese pop music and movies, I have to ask myself the question.
Antismog teas have become more widely available in Chinese medicine shops, pharmacies and online sites.
All lawful rights and interests of foreign investors are protected by Chinese law.
According to figures from China's National Bureau of Statistics, private-owned enterprises performed much better than State-owned ones last year. 
A staple of the Uighur community in northwestern Xinjiang Province, the bread appears elsewhere on the menu. 
A number of Chinese taihu rocks were arranged in it with a touch of artistry.
A Chinese plastic surgery operation is promising to make the transformation to you.
The fruit was introduced to China during the Tang Dynasty, and was considered an emblem of fertility and numerous progeny.
Brought back by Zhang Qian, the walnut is also known as the longevity fruit. 
During the Western Han Dynasty, Zhang Qian introduced the species in the onion genus, to China. 
Zhang Qian brought the seeds of coriander into China, according to The Compendium of Materia Medica. 
Sesame, introduced into China by Zhang Qian, has many species, with most being wild and native to sub-Saharan Africa. 
The hyacinth bean was originally grown in India, and brought into China between the Han and Jin dynasties.
Wang Chunfa is an executive secretary of the China Association for Science and Technology.
He stressed the publisher was not targeting China, as it had also retracted papers by experts from other countries.
Chinese actress and producer Fan Bingbing joined the eight-member 70th Cannes Film Festival's jury.
China's large amphibious aircraft AG600 last Saturday successfully conducted its first glide test in Zhuhai, Guangdong.
LiangShi, from sichuan province, may be the most stubborn student in China.
Two homegrown movies have unexpectedly made their way to the top of China's box office here this summer.
Ticket sales for both movies qualified them as major hits in China.
Many established Chinese cultural commentators are outraged by these works' overt celebration of materialism.
The Chinese critic Raymond Zhou denounced Tiny Times in The Beijing Evening News.
Chen Shi-Zheng, whose credits include the Chinese version of High School Musical.
It has increased the urban population to 53 percent today, from 19 percent in 1979.
China has more than 13,000 film screens, with new ones added in 2012 at a rate of 10.5 a day.
Many articles about Tiny Times note Mr.Guo's ranking on the Chinese Writers Rich List.
Much of the controversy over Tiny Times stems from the comparative newness of youth culture in China.
China has about 450 million people under the age of 25. 
Chinese and Russian vessels are surrounded by ice floes off Antarctica.
Chinese used a helicopter to rescue 52 passengers from the Russian ship, which had become trapped on Christmas Eve.
Those passengers were taken by the Chinese helicopter and a barge to an Australian icebreaker.
The senior crew members of the Chinese and Russian vessels said they no longer needed assistance from the Aurora Australis.
A reporter for Xinhua, the Chinese state news agency, sent a report from the Xue Long on Saturday.
The Xue Long was built by Ukraine and deployed by China in 1994.
It was designed to transport supplies to Chinese research stations in Antarctica, Xinhua reported.
A helicopter from a Chinese ice-breaking vessel began a rescue on Thursday of 52 passengers.
The helicopter from a Chinese ice-breaking vessel, the Xue Long, or Snow Dragon, was to ferry the 52 passengers.
He rebuked China as a Chinese warship nearly collided with an American cruiser in the South China Sea.
The vice president spoke bluntly to Mr.Xi about China’s military muscle-flexing in its coastal waters and other issues.
The Chinese feel they can exploit a single point of contact by turning that person into an advocate.
Aid for maritime security was aimed at easing fears about China’s muscular role in the South China Sea.
He has taken part in numerous trade delegations and met with Chinese leaders. 
His most visible accomplishment was streamlining the visa application process for Chinese tourists.
Baucus is going to be useful in helping the Chinese understand what they need to do to win Senate approval.
China's announcement of an air defense identification zone that encompasses the disputed maritime areas.
Chinese nationals have occasionally attempted to land on the contested islands to press the country's territorial claims.
It was also a far cry from other recent doings in the similarly contentious South China Sea.
On Wednesday, a Chinese balloonist took off from the coastal province of Fujian.
Once in a while in the fiercely contested East China Sea, a bit of international cooperation breaks out.
The Chinese vessel thanked the Coast Guard via radio for the rescue operation.
For decades, it was the main origin point of the Chinese diaspora.
While building their lives far from China, the first-generation immigrants would also send remittances to their home villages.
So, running away, being helped by Russia and China, is not in the tradition of a true civil disobedience practitioner.
A Chinese citizen has been arrested in connection with the Jan.1 arson attack at the Chinese Consulate in San Francisco.
All the voices he had been hearing were in Chinese, and the Chinese Consulate had to have been involved.
Other nations generate pollution too, of course, so the wafting of bad air from China adds to local problems.
The countries most directly affected by air pollution from China are its nearest neighbors.
Others stir more immediate health concerns for China's neighbors, as well as for China itself.
China's main effect on pollution in the United States, however, involves ozone.
Scientists say the Chinese contribution to United States pollution is relatively small, dwarfed by domestic sources.
The emissions from China and elsewhere in Asia have implications for the Pacific Ocean.
China accounts for more than half of the world's coal consumption.
China is trying to reduce its pollution for the sake of its worried citizens.
The Chinese, the Russians, the Iranians, every criminal gang would still be out there developing attacks with these flaws.
A fire that was set Wednesday night at the main entrance of the Chinese Consulate General in San Francisco.
In China,the authorities refused to grant permission for any rallies and harassed or arrested those who applied.
The Chinese consulate condemned the attack, calling it a despicable attack.
A frigate was deployed off the coast of Libya in early 2011 to provide protection for ships evacuating Chinese citizens.
There may be another benefit to China for participating in the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons.
Analysts have noted for some time the disparity between China’s growing energy interests in the Middle East.
The pilots had been flying almost daily sorties, giving protection to American soldiers engaged in hand-to-hand combat.
Chinese soldiers sent by Mao Zedong to fortify the weak North Korean army.
The Americans are surprised by the wave upon wave of Chinese soldiers. 
In 2010, Mr.Tyelkov spent the equivalent of $31,000 for 25,000 yards of Chinese-made leopard-print fabric suitable for chairs and sofas.
Alipay is a mobile payment and lifestyle application used by millions of Chinese individuals. 
China, the world's biggest car market, plans to ban the production and sale of diesel and petrol cars.
China made 28 million cars last year, almost a third of the global total.
Chinese-owned carmaker Volvo said in July that all its new car models would have an electric motor from 2019.
China wants electric battery cars and plug-in hybrids to account for at least one-fifth of its vehicle sales by 2025.
If you want to stay in China, you have to go all in.
Under the new rules, companies must be much more careful with data about, or acquired from, individuals in China.
Now, if the data of Chinese users is stored in China, the efficiency will be reduced.
Now, suppliers have adjusted the information system to keep such data in China, or have to reduce delivery.
A law that seems rigged in favour of locals ultimately may end up harming both Chinese firms and consumers.
That means competing with global giants, notably Haier Group of China.
I have been to China for many times and we hope Chinese tourists can encourage our society to use e-payment.
The Three Kingdoms, translated by Chinese professor Yu Sumei, was the last of the series to be translated.
It is the first English version by a Chinese translator, and his fellows have spoken highly of it.
There are hundreds of forms of local opera in China, with Peking Opera the most famous. 
Yet China had become the world’s biggest bitcoin market, dominating both its trading and computer-powered mining.
Bitcoin’s surprising success in China appears to be nearing its end. 
China’s share of global bitcoin-trading went from more than 90% to just about 10%.
Nevertheless, for investors in China, the closure of the exchanges could be a lethal blow. 
For now, China’s bitcoin miners can continue excavating their digital ore. 
The global impact of China’s demise as a bitcoin hub is not straightforward. 
What’s more, if Chinese miners are forced to the sidelines, there will be more room for others. 
The ban in China may also ease the currency’s governance problems. 
It weakens the influence of Chinese miners, who have clashed with Western bitcoin developers.
A bigger threat is that other countries follow China’s lead. 
China, in other words, might still be at the vanguard of the crypto currency world.
China’s craze for bike-sharing has brought more than 2m new bikes to its city streets. 
China’s rapid adoption of bike-sharing also highlights the adaptability of its country’s consumers and companies alike. 
At least eight other Chinese bike-rental start-ups have begun their first big fundraising rounds.
Given the current situation with China, I think we need military preparedness.
Since that nuclear test, North Korea’s main ally and benefactor, China, has put increasing pressure on Pyongyang.
Chinese leaders have then publicly urged the North Korea to curtail its nuclear program.
The double-digit annual wage increases give the Chinese enough disposable income.
High-speed trains are allowing business managers from deep inside China to reach bigger markets.
Its factories in Taiwan, China and the Netherlands churned out 6.3 million bicycles last year.
Being a land in between larger powers, how has that affected Laos’s development? 
Laos as a nation was of course created out of the French colonial period.
Laos was seen as separate from Vietnam and Cambodia as well as claiming independence from France.
As the Communist period developed, Laos was very close with Vietnam.
The Pathet Lao, backed by the Vietnamese Communists, basically sought to move Laos into a Communist sphere of influence.
I think Laos in fact tries to maintain connections with all of the different powers. 
I think Laos would be interested in what a role of US in Southeast Asia could look like.
What are the key debates in Laos over how to manage its natural resources?
Something like 40 percent of all Laos's exports are in minerals, and 30 percent of that is copper alone.
So the two largest investments in gold and copper mines are pretty strategic areas of interest for Laos.
In December 2015, Laos lifted its moratorium on their mining concessions.
Are Laos's critics right when they say the human rights situation in the country is deteriorating?
While much of the president's trip was devoted to the future, he spent time in Laos confronting America's wartime past.
For the people of Laos, the war did not end when the bombs stopped falling.
So for the last four decades, Laotians have continued to live under the shadow of war.
Mr.Duterte told reporters before he left his country for Laos. 
In seeking those subsidies, Trump is not that different from many other developers.
Hillary Clinton accused Donald Trump on Monday of imperiling U.S.national security with his campaign rhetoric.
Clinton moved to take control of the debate with a cutting attack on Trump on Monday.
She charged that Trump had helped the Islamic State and other terror groups with his campaign oratory broadly denouncing Muslims.
Trump took this fringe bigot with a few dozen followers and spread his message to 11 million people.
The de facto merger between Breitbart and the Trump campaign represents a landmark achievement for the alt-right.
Mr. Trump has said African-Americans live in neighborhoods resembling war zones.
A spurt of cheers welcomed Mr.Trump just before the ceremony started.
In the past week, any semblance of a friendship between Mr. Trump and Clinton came to an ugly end.
But Mr. Trump's attacks on him are now rippling through the race.
This works for Trump because it reinforces what his most ardent supporters believe to be his greatest strength.
Mr. Trump has said that when elected as president he would rip up international trade deals.
Mr. Trump is proposing a reordering of the global economic system that would fundamentally reshape the structure of American industry.
The easiest promise for Mr. Trump to deliver is the one to renegotiate or leave Nafta.
Similar escape hatches would also allow Mr. Trump to withdraw the United States from free trade agreements with other nations.
If Mr. Trump became president, he would have the power to create a more isolated American economy.
It's a prospect that scares many economists, but appears not to worry Mr. Trump.
But her allies fear that additional emails might come out and provide more fodder for Mr. Trump.
As part of the Trump trade, the US currency rose sharply in the weeks following his election. 
Trump may ultimately do the work for her, his bluster, lies and insults could eventually drag him down.
Eventually, Mr. Trump's aides convinced him that he had to make the trip.
On Tuesday night, he reiterated his deep distaste for Mr. Trump.
People briefed on the move said that it reflected Trump's realization that his campaign was at a crisis point.
Newt Gingrich was the former House speaker who has become a counselor to Trump.
Mr. Cheng and Mr. Lo also half-jokingly proposed an informal drinking contest, which Mr. Trump, a teetotaler, declined.
The probe into alleged collusion between Moscow and the Trump election campaign was highly significant. 
The dissenters are loudly and publicly proclaiming their unwillingness to support Mr. Trump.
These reports threw a spotlight on a glaring vulnerability for Trump, his admiration for President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
In an interview, Mr. Trump asked a reporter how Mr. Lo's show had turned out, then answered his question.
Trump's views on trade are among his oldest and steadiest public policy positions.
The exchange rate dropped somewhat this week after Mr Trump’s comments.
Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, had grown increasingly concerned after a New York Times article published on Sunday.
In part, Trump's endurance is a product of sheer churn, the endless stream of his own provocations.
With such a ferocious pace, it is easy to lose sight of the details, especially when it comes to Trump.
It is welcome that Mr. Trump is now open to reappointing Ms. Yellen as Fed chair.
Can does any story, or revelation hurt Trump's teflon qualities at this stage? 
The servant put the fish in front of Donald and I took my chopsticks and began to pick at it.
The bottom line, some experts say, is that Trump might well be able to squeeze China.
Hillary holds a wide lead over Trump in a new national poll that came out shortly.
There have been new accounts of widespread discrimination against black people at Trump's New York properties during the 1970s.
A frequent cable news presence, Conway now is expected to travel with Trump.
I think Trump has proven to be unbalanced and uniquely unqualified to be president.
Trump has promised to do quite a few things that are beyond the powers of an American president.
It is always pleasing when Mr. Trump manages to hit upon a sensible policy.
One of Mr. Trump's favorite charges is that China and other nations are suppressing the value of their currencies.
Mr. Trump on Tuesday night extended an olive branch to his detractors and asserted without offering any names.
Mr. Trump's victory in Indiana raises seriousness and urgency of discussions about third-party alternative.
Mr Trump cited at length Pakistan, where one recent honor killing occurred. 
Mr. Trump declared in a speech the day he announced his candidacy.
Mr. Trump was furious, and contends to this day that his partners did not consult him first.
Mr. Trump told a reporter it's too bad that this happened.
Mr. Trump's show there does not appear to have gotten off the ground.
Mr. Trump does have an investment in the building, an office tower near Rockefeller Center.
Mr. Trump's lawyers would serve him with court papers that would force him to remain in the United States.
The Hong Kong partners were wary of Mr. Trump's well-earned reputation for litigiousness.
Mr Trump said they made a catastrophic mistake in the reckless way in which they pulled out of Iraq.
Mr Trump did not explain how his vision of extreme vetting of immigrants, including an ideological test, would be enforced.
Trump doubled down on his claim that he had fired Comey because of his performance.
Mr Trump also said the episode was an issue of national security.
Mr. Trump prefers to pour fuel on to the sectarian flames.
Mr.Guzman had put a $100 million bounty on Mr.Trump after he made comments offensive to Mexicans.
Mr Trump has pledged to build a wall along the border with Mexico.
Trump said Comey had told him three times that he was not under investigation.
The first 100 days of Donald Trump’s presidency have brought some good news and some bad news.
She is well liked by Trump's daughter Ivanka and her husband.
He is writing about his years with Mr. Trump and Trump went apoplectic.
He argued that Mr Trump's concern about respecting minority rights within the Muslim religion was not sincere.
They ended up betting $100 per hole, and Mr. Trump wound up losing more than he won.
Their partnership began in 1994, after the collapse of the real estate market left Mr. Trump deeply in debt.
His disdain for Mr. Trump had hardened into a firm rejection.
He swore he would name China as a manipulator on his first day in office.
He mocked supporters of Mr. Trump, who he said have taunted him for some time.
He denounced Mr. Trump as a destructive force bent on dividing the country.
Sykes turned on Trump because he said that the candidate was damaging true conservatism.
Mr. Sasse answered those who asked if Mr. Trump's decisive victory in Indiana on Tuesday changes anything for me.
As president, Trump would have some latitude to reverse a course that the nation has pursued for decades.
But for weeks, Trump seemed to be working off some kind of Sontag-inspired playbook.
Nonetheless, Mr. Trump's litigation over Riverside South dragged on for at least four years.
The attorney general of New York has started an investigation into the Donald Trump Foundation.
You let them know that Trump has great respect for them, okay?
After the lawsuit, the Hong Kong partners moved swiftly to cut all ties to Mr. Trump.
For now, Trump appears to be wearing down his critics' capacity for outrage.
Trade was the first policy issue Trump mentioned last Tuesday in a speech.
McCabe said the FBI’s investigation into potential ties between Trump associates and Moscow was continuing unimpeded.
Mr. Lo said that Mr. Trump had been informed of the decision.
Clinton's campaign has repeatedly sought to yoke Trump to Putin, citing Trump's praise for the Russian leader.
A cooling relationship with Trump turned hot last weekend, according to three people briefed on the episode.
Despite their similarities, Mr. Trump hesitated when he received an invitation to travel to Hong Kong to negotiate the deal.
Trump's chances of victory have jumped to 26 percent as of Monday evening from 10 percent in August.
Reporters have uncovered evidence that Trump spent $20,000 of his charity's money on a 6-foot-tall painting of himself.
It seems unlikely that Donald Trump has familiarized himself with Susan Sontag's book.
The air conditioner maker Carrier opted to move to Mexico, becoming a recurrent feature in Mr. Trump's anti-free-trade litanies.
Feaver praised Mr Trump for giving a surprisingly serious speech on counterterrorism.
Outside court, Mr. Trump's battle seemed to take the shape of a personal rivalry with Mr. Lo.
It can go wrong for Trump, a self-regarding former reality TV star. 
The easiest way for Trump to sidestep the whole Ukraine story is for Manafort not to be there. 
As president, Trump could seek to penalize other nations for undercutting American manufacturers or stealing American ideas.
But for more than a decade, Mr. Trump avoided conflict with them.
But in the interview, Mr. Trump sounded almost wistful about his former partners.
Instead of apologizing, Trump said the baseless conspiracy theory was started by his rival, Hillary Clinton, which was itself untrue.
When it comes to Trump, though, his enduring popularity is a mystery.
But today, Mr. Trump counts that legal defeat as a victory.
And he shares many of Trump's hard-edge, nationalist and populist views.
Chase Manhattan Bank, which held Mr. Trump's mortgage, initially scheduled the closing of the deal during China's Ghost Month.
Eight thousand miles away, in his penthouse office in Hong Kong, Mr. Lo laughed when told of Mr. Trump's comment.
Trum's policies look ever more like Reagan's, but from a more unfavourable starting point.
Mr. Trump was speaking in Saudi Arabia, the exporter of the extreme.
Mr. Trump made something of this point in his address to the assembled Arab autocrats in Riyadh.
Mr Comey said he was stunned when Mr Trump made the request during a private oval office meeting. 
Mr Comey said he documented his private conversations with Mr Trump.
Mr Comey confirmed he had told Mr Trump on several occasions.
James Mattis, the US defence secretary, has assuaged concerns among US allies around the world about Mr Trump’s words.
It does contain very similar ideas to those announced by candidate Trump.
Instead Mr. Trump put the US at the head of the Sunni Arab coalition against Iran.
He also suggested that Mr Mueller was likely ,to examine whether Mr Trump’s remarks were an attempt to obstruct justice.
Because he was concerned Mr Trump  might mischaracterise their content. 
Trump receiving benefits from China while he is in charge of foreign policy as president.
Tiger Woods loves to play golf, Donald Trump loves real estate, and Tony Robbins loves to motivate others.
Ivanka Trump has 26 applications pending that include clothing, skin care products and umbrellas.
A protest took place the day after Donald Trump was elected.
But Mr. Trump is pushing hard as he pursues his aim for greater burden-sharing among allies.
This is a total capitulation to the bullying of President Trump.
Nobody can roll them back, neither Trump, nor 10 other Trumps.
A person familiar with the new strategy said it would involve stepped-up covert action against Iran and its proxies. 
Iran deal should be preserved to the fullest extent, following reports Mr. Trump would not certify the deal.
The US ambassador to Canada announced his resignation Friday, yielding to the Trump transition team's demand.
Such a proposal was given by the House to begin conference negotiations with the Senate.
Earlier in the day, the Senate held a meeting which lasted less than 25 minutes.
The speaker said that he talked to the president tonight on the House floor.
It decided at a recent congress that she alone would name presidential nominee.
The president flew to Laos to attend a pair of regional conferences.
Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in an interview.
Accompanying Kim Jong-un during his public appearances, she attended meetings where he has presided.
Both houses of Congress were scheduled to meet over the weekend.
So it really completely transformed the meeting in the last few days.
Members of Congress were quickly provided classified briefings on the matter.
In April, the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un convened a meeting of the Central Committee of the ruling Workers’ Party.
The original deal was approved last month by a grand council of Afghans, known as a loya jirga.
On Sunday, Mr. Karzai held a private meeting with Afghan journalists.
A pivotal meeting, in the situation room in March 2011, called to discuss the withdrawal timetable.
He almost quit in September 2009 after a meeting to assess the way ahead in Afghanistan.
They attended his conferences about urban innovation and applied for grants from his foundation.
Many members either serve in Parliament, or own television stations and newspapers.
The president scheduled this month for a Group of 7 meeting for leaders of industrialized nations.
Brazilian legislators voted on Sunday night to approve impeachment of Dilma Rousseff, the nation's first female president.
Stephen Ellis, a British historian who in 2011 found reference to Mr. Mandela’s membership in secret party minutes. 
We've got a name for it, it's called the Senate surrender caucus.
She joined a conference call this summer to promote her student loan legislation.
They violate the spirit of decisions emanating from both the 18th Communist Party Congress in 2012.
It test the Myanmar’s ability to manage the logistics of many meetings, and two summits meetings of Asean.
He is scheduled to attend a conference in Hanover, Germany, with the leaders of Britain, France, Italy and Germany. 
He declared his intention to call a meeting of heads of state in 2014 to push such a treaty forward.
He purported failed to applaud as enthusiastically as others did during a 2010 meeting.
They attended a previously unannounced meeting with Rosenstein, who is the deputy attorney-general.
Weeks later,on April 22,2002,he was ousted in a special session of the 145-nation chemical weapons watchdog.
Word of the decision spread last Saturday at a conference on child rights attended by activists, academics and reporters.
The last such meeting, in Copenhagen in 2009, ended in disarray.
The goal was to publicize a series of public meetings on Fertility Day and encourage Italians to have more children.
Sergeant Roschak and Specialist Walker stood on the roof of the meeting room.
Kiev prepared to welcome a large group of foreign ministers for a meeting. 
Russian cabinet met this week to adopt the new sanctions there.
This meeting ratified far-reaching economic reforms, among them the liberalization of interest rates.
The United Nations Charter was signed at a conference in San Francisco in June 1945, led by four countries.
The speaking , for a health care conference meeting, was run by Wall Street firm named Cantor.
The former president will be the keynote speaker at a luncheon at a health care conference in September
You can imagine kicking off a product management meeting with a video of compelling customer testimonials.
We have a few more business meetings in the pipeline for you to work on in the future.
This way the meetings would become more focused, and people would prepare better.
They keep calendars up to date with new meetings and appointments and try not to over schedule. 
Then tomorrow I'll tell you when we can schedule our first meeting in this new style.
The United Nations Educational announced the addition at the 11th Session.
The meeting was scheduled for two hours, but it is now over yet. 
The majority whip is in reality the second-ranking senator in the majority conference in terms of actual power. 
The agenda of the meeting today is to discuss the package for our newly-developed Anti-wrinkle Fast Respcnse Eye Cream.
Multitasking in meetings and other social settings indicates low Self- and Social Awareness.
Likewise, you can organize walking meetings rather than meetings in the boardroom.
It's quite a large number, so most of  the  stockholders are excluded from proceedings.
It's important to be clear and professional in your communications, whether that's over email, in meetings, or one-on-one. 
Interviewing methods have changed to incorporate video conferencing and telephone interviews.
In order to attend meetings you have to hold a certain amount of shares.
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal.
I think we need to hold a departmental meeting to discuss this problem.
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful.
I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting.
I could discuss meeting topics with you, and then prepare a schedule for each meeting.
I argued in a speech at a BIS conference last week. 
However, wearing these colors would work great for happy hour gatherings or in-house meetings. 
During the meeting, be positive and open to the guidance the teacher offers you. 
Can you try to set up some meetings with other agencies, Candy？
The United Nations Security Council scheduled and then cancelled a meeting, Syria embraced the Russian proposal.
A meeting of the United Nations Security Council was canceled Tuesday afternoon.
He famously confronted Mr.Putin during a televised meeting in the Kremlin.
Some in Congress, many of his allies and Silicon Valley executives demanded change.
He imagined that Iran could play a role in the forthcoming Syrian peace conference.
The meeting is supposed to plan for a Syria after the resignation of President Bashar al-Assad.
She will lead her first meeting of the Fed’s policy-making committee in March.
There was no indication on Thursday that he would pull out of that meeting.
She has alternated with Mr.Bernanke in representing the Fed at international meetings.
Republican leaders presented their plan in a closed-door meeting on Saturday.
The result of the impasse that threatened the nation’s credit rating was a near total defeat for Republican conservatives.
Leaving Republican leaders to beg him to talk, and to fulminate when he refused.
For all that, Republicans got a slight tightening of income verification rules.
In a brief closed session with his Republican rank and file.
House conservatives were accusing more moderate Republicans of undercutting their position.
Charlie Dent is a leading Republican voice for ending the fight.
Now it’s time for Republicans to unite behind other crucial goals.
he said as he emerged from a meeting of Senate Republicans called to ratify the agreement.
Representative Raúl R.Labrador of Idaho, said he was “really proud” of how Mr.Boehner had handled the situation.
I’m more upset with my Republican conference, to be honest with you.
I am happy to talk with him and other Republicans about anything.
What the president said today was, if there is unconditional surrender by Republicans, he’ll sit down and talk to us.
Earlier, House Republicans left a closed-door caucus with their terms for any negotiations unclear.
Especially with new polls showing that  Republicans are in the worst position,.
He was asked whether Republicans could reach an agreement through the end of the week.
He marketed his idea on Wednesday to the House's hard-line conservatives in the Republican Study Committee.
On Thursday, after Mr Boehner presented his idea to the full Republican Conference, the idea became the official Republican position.
He won a series of skirmishes with the Republican establishment in the last two years.
Some warned that a default could spur a shift in the relationship between the corporate world and the Republican Party.
The worry among many Republicans is that the Tea Party will not get the message.
On Wednesday, Representative Mick, Republican of South Carolina, offered his party advice.
Republicans in Washington have balked at raising the debt limit from its current $16.7 trillion.
Few Senate Republicans had taken a stance on her potential selection.
They has been criticized by Congressional Republicans for moving too slowly to apprehend the Benghazi suspects.
Republicans said they did not know whether Mr. Boehner would have enough support.
There had been a total breakdown in trust between House Republicans and the administration.
A coalition of Republicans was trying to find room to maneuver in a very tight space.
To insist on giving nothing to Republicans at all is a bargaining position they may be unable to maintain.
He has seen indications from Republicans in both the Senate and the House in the last 24 hours.
A new poll from NBC News and The Wall Street Journal highlighted the peril for Republicans.
Just 24 percent of Americans viewed the Republican Party favorably, an all-time low in the survey.
Republican lawmakers and aides repeatedly brought up the poll on Friday.
Senate Republicans have insisted on dropping efforts to dismantle the law.
At a lunch meeting in the Capitol earlier this week, Mr.McCain asked the roomful of Republican senators.
Markets ended last week with a burst of optimism, after House Republicans took the first steps toward a compromise.
But he acknowledged that the current mood of Republicans left Mr. Paul in a better position.
Something terrible has happened to the soul of the Republican Party.
The Republicans are fighting their own civil wars and face serious demographic challenges.
Groups like FreedomWorks, Heritage Action for America and Tea Party Express have relished picking fights with Republicans. 
It has dominated the Capitol since Republicans swept to control of the House in 2011.
The Republican House leadership indicated on Sunday that it was planning to amend whatever the Senate sends back Monday quickly.
Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, said on Sunday that he was actively courting the project.
The intransigence of House Republicans would take a bite out of fourth-quarter growth.
The House’s hard-core conservatives and some more pragmatic Republicans were nearing open revolt.
The deal drew praise from House Republican leaders, who are likely to put it to a vote by Thursday.
It is said by Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina.
Most of it were driven by the Republican contender, Donald Trump.
The Republican nominee gave three speeches in which he generally stuck to a script.
It will determine his future at the top of House Republicans.
The episode has drawn unwanted attention to a deepening rift among Republicans who feel torn between warring elements.
It is stoking resentment and derision from many other Republicans, including his own Senate colleagues.
On the Senate steps, Republicans gathered in a last-minute demonstration of their anger at Mr.Reid. 
Because of support from some Senate Republicans, Mr.Reid’s hand has been strengthened.
Republican candidates and groups are also weighing a renewed television barrage against Pelosi, the House minority leader.
Perhaps the most startling sentiments belonged to Republicans who said they would cross party lines to avoid elevating Mr. Trump.
A lot of people thought Mitt Romney would win, or some other Republican would win.
I think Trump is despicable and will prove to be a disaster for the party.
All that remained for Republicans was language tightening income verification for people seeking subsidies on the insurance exchanges. 
Trump's unpopularity has already undermined the party's grip on the Senate. 
It now threatens to imperil Republican lawmakers even in traditionally conservative districts.
He emerged from a meeting of Senate Republicans called to ratify the agreement.
He has been in near constant contact with Republican leaders in the Senate.
He seemed to take aim at the campaign of the Republican nominee seeking to succeed him, Donald Trump.
They saw it as a retreat from earlier spending cuts and a betrayal by senior Republicans.
His decision to move ahead on his own has caused outrage among Republicans
He can almost never guarantee Senate leaders that his conference will vote with him.
He is governing more as an orthodox post-Reagan Republican than most expected.
Gov.Chris Christie of New Jersey, a Republican and a potential presidential candidate in 2016, has not signed it.
If Republicans aren't willing to set aside their partisan concerns in order to do what's right for the country.
Anybody who would vote for that in the House as Republican would virtually guarantee a primary challenger.
Angering Republicans who lead the House, Mr.Reid kept the Senate shuttered on Sunday.
At one stage, Mr.Penn brought up Donald J.Trump, the Republican presidential candidate.
Senator Susan Collins of Maine became the latest Republican to criticize her House colleagues.
A few days later, two other Republican female senators eagerly signed on.
Ms.Collins, a Republican, two Saturdays ago quickly zipped out a three-point plan. 
Senator Rand Paul is Republican of Kentucky and a Cruz ally.
Senator Ron Johnson, Republican of Wisconsin, has one of the most conservative voting records in the Senate.
Mr.Cruz and his allies in the Republican Party claim a big mantle.
Although his confrontation, one some of the most conservative Tea Party-aligned Republicans have been itching for since they arrived.
Several well-known Republicans sound startled and saddened by the turn of events.
The bad news is that he is governing more as an orthodox Republican than most expected. 
WASHINGTON — The federal government on Saturday chose a hard line.
It was difficult to say how many top Republicans intended to break with the party's presumptive nominee.
Entrenched Washington Republican interests being at odds with the interests of ordinary Americans.
Republicans say that the president is abusing the power of his office.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, told the conservative National Review on Thursday.
The GOP is going to nominate for President a guy who reads the National Enquirer.
A parade of prominent Republican leaders is breaking with the traditions and rituals of party unity.
Republican outside groups were prepared to run ads treating Trump as a certain-to-lose candidate. 
Fred Upton is the Michigan Republican who is chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
Representative Pat Tiberi, Ohio Republican, is a close ally of Mr.Boehner. 
They disagree over how, or even whether, they might grow from the experience.
This has been a really bad two weeks for the Republican Party.
Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, has said he would accept nothing short of a one-year delay.
The Republican chairmen of the Senate and House Armed Services Committee expressed caution.
In a statement from the campaign trail, Bush echoed comments from his Republican rivals for the presidential nomination.
But Republicans are also bracing to take more forceful steps if Trump continues to drag down their candidates.
Many House Republicans, leaving a closed-door party caucus earlier Thursday that at times grew contentious.
This Tuesday, Trump hopes to sweep the delegates in Indiana and all but sew up the Republican nomination.
Trump won the nomination by promising to be a different sort of Republican. 
Post-Reagan Republicans reached out to the base by campaigning on cultural issues.
Mr Chaffetz, and Jodi, a Lowa Senator, have announced that they will re-introduce the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act this month.
It is also the old Republican trickle-down doctrine in purest form.
Advertisers want more choice, and supported the Republican Congress position. 
The whip position was first created in the House of Representatives in 1897 by Republican speaker Thomas Reed. 
As of now, Republican leaders appear to have no idea how to stop it.
It was delayed indefinitely as House Republicans resumed their search for a measure that could unite them.
They see as the duty of the party in power in the House.
Particularly in the House, where the imprimatur of the Republican leadership does not guarantee approval by rebellious rank and file.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and one of the strongest supporters of a strike.
The top Republicans on the House and Senate Judiciary Committees declined to comment.
He left there to run for the Republican presidential nomination. 
With the first enrollment deadline now passed, Republicans are confronting a new reality.
Senator Ron Johnson is Republican of Wisconsin and a Tea Party favorite.
Ryan is the Republican vice-presidential nominee in 2012 and is a possible 2016 presidential hopeful.
Just 19 percent of Americans approve of the way congressional Republicans are handling health care.
Representative Labrador, Republican of Idaho, called it the wing nut coalition and Amash the chief wing nut.
These are tough bills, acknowledged Representative Harold Rogers, the Kentucky Republican who leads the House Appropriations Committee.
In the Senate, Republicans are circulating a letter to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader.
Congressional Republicans say they will not let the deadline pass without concessions.
The rift within the Republican Party could be an opening for compromise.
And this ways were that Republicans ushered in when they captured control of the House in November 2010.
If Harry Reid and the Senate Democrats would stop being so stubborn then no.
Separately, Senate Democrats introduced a measure to raise the debt limit without any conditions.
Yet it is far from clear whether Democrats will have support from six Republicans to break the likely Republican filibuster.
Moderate Republicans whom Democrats typically turn to in close votes. 
Democrats believe that when Mr. Ryan drafts a plan, he can actually deliver the votes.
But to Democrats and more moderate Republicans, the sidelining of the health care fight immediately gave the plan credibility.
But his governing Democratic Party has been mired in corruption scandals for the past two years.
Many Democrats believe Ms. Yellen is likely to view Wall Street more skeptically than Mr. Summers.
Democrats was led by Senator Harry Reid,who is the majority leader.
It is a sense, as one senior Democratic aide put it, that history was repeating itself.
Several of the nation's pre-eminent Democrats appeared with de Blasio on the dais.
The political royalty on hand included Sen.Charles E.Schumer and former Mayor David N.Dinkins.
He did not need to remind many of his fellow Democrats.
The sooner we get back to a good, progressive, populist message, the better off we’re going to be as Democrats.
The growing intraparty economic debate comes even as there is increasing cohesion on the cultural issues that once divided Democrats.
Senator Mark Udall, Democrat of Colorado, disclosed the existence of the internal report during an Intelligence Committee hearing on Tuesday.
It was what some Democrats had wanted, a slim reed that not even he claimed as a significant victory. 
That would give Democrats an advantage in holding the seat in Montana.
It has been the best two weeks for the Democratic Party in recent times.
The opposition Democrat Party has not stated whether it would contest the elections.
So they hurt its national standing and undermined its ability to win concessions from Democrats.
Senator Richard Durbin of Illinois is the No.2 Democrat in charge of vote counting.
Trust me, I hope Senator Cruz’s oratory convinces five Democratic senators to vote with us.
His vacancy would leave it to a Democratic governor, Steve Bullock, to appoint a replacement.
She would be the first Democrat to lead the Fed in nearly three decades.
He has seized on issues that will energize the Democratic Party base.
He was challenging Hillary Rodham Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination.
He had been canvassing Senate Democrats from Republican states and that the party remained unified.
He had accompanied Mr.McCain here to show that there was bipartisan support for the Ukrainian demonstrators.
They have powerful advocates in Representatives Steny of Maryland, the No.2 House Democrat.
He mostly attacked Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent, while refraining from berating other Republicans.
Last month, the House Democratic campaign raised $12 million while House Republicans raised just $4.6 million. 
Sathit Wongnongtoey was one of the protest leaders and a former member of Parliament for the Democrat Party.
Democrats are particularly enticed by Trump's dwindling support in affluent suburban areas and Minneapolis where Republicans ordinarily win with ease.
Some Democratic activists worry that Mrs.Clinton is too close to Wall Street.
Some Democratic donors from the financial industry seem unnerved by Ms.Warren’s rise.
Democrats have not said whether they will make their support contingent on an extension of benefits.
Democrat last month stripped away most of their power to filibuster presidential nominations.
Democrats have sought publicly to temper expectations that they could win the House. 
Democrats, united throughout, believe they enter this next round far stronger, backed by a president who proved his own resolve.
Democrats are scheduling votes at all hours of the day and night.
Democrats gave up their demand that the deal extend unemployment benefits that expire at the end of the month.
Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic majority leader, expressed confidence that he had public opinion on his side.
The Democrat Party has many grievances with Mr.Thaksin's party, including what it considers the railroading of some spending bills.
Senate Democrats are planning to table the Republican measures when they convene on Monday.
Few Democrats say they believe their party is positioned, at this point, to take control of the House.
Two women on the Democratic side of the aisle are powerful.
All Mr.Reid needs are 51 Democrats to vote with him, not the usual 60-vote threshold required for most Senate business.
The group, led by Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, and Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia.
For Democrats and their negotiator, Ms.Murray, the deal is a turning point in the spending wars.
But it could pass only with votes from Democrats and a minority of the Republican majority.
But Republicans blocked Democrats' repeated efforts to convene a conference committee to reconcile the differences.
Senate Democrats have for petty partisan reasons taken away the power of Congress.
House Republicans were warned repeatedly that Senate Democrats would not accept any changes to the health care law.
The Senate’s Democratic and Republican leaders immediately restarted negotiations to find a bipartisan path forward.
There is a rock bottom in the frayed relationship between Senate Republicans and Democrats.
Known as an independent thinker, Mr. Baucus has long made Democrats uncomfortable.
The first democratic whip, Oscar Wilder Underwood, was appointed around 1900. 
Mr Lew and Congressional Democrats held firm that they would no longer negotiate on raising the debt ceiling. 
Senator Harry Reid is a Democrat of Nevada and the Senate majority leader.
Senator Richard Durbin of Illinois is the second ranking Democrat. 
Seven Democratic senators facing re-election fights next year in Republican-leaning states would provide a beachhead of Democratic support.
That bloc is large enough to thwart any compromise that does not attract Democratic support.
Ms.Pelosi’s comments reflected her dilemma as a leader of the president’s party, which still has a strong liberal antiwar wing.
A leading Democrat, Senator Schumer of New York, took a directly opposing view.
His own party is deeply divided about how much leeway the N.S.A.should have.
Representative Nadler, Democrat of New York has a longtime critic of post-Sept.11 counterterrorism efforts.
It was written by Representatives Amash, a libertarian Republican from Western Michigan, and Conyers, a veteran liberal Democrat from Detroit.
Representative Polis, Democrat of Colorado is a supporter of the amendment. 
But many rank-and-file Republicans and Democrats appeared impervious to such overtures.
The fight will now shift to the Senate and Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, immediately took up the cause.
Senate Democrats want to give $380 million to ARPA-E, an advanced research program for energy.
The Democrat-controlled Senate will not go along with the House cuts, but the different approaches will complicate negotiations.
Representative Steny H.Hoyer of Maryland is the No.2 House Democrat and a veteran of more than three decades in Congress.
We need them to stop the gridlock and work with Democrats to make progress.
It also strain the center-left Democratic Party, elements of which have never liked sharing power with their former rival.
Democrats on Capitol Hill said Ms.Yellen would most likely get confirmed by the Senate.
The European Parliament acknowledges the incredible strength of this young woman.
Islamists make up a sizable portion of the militia leaders as well as of Libya's transitional Parliament.
But that pledge is now on the table, as the parliamentary commission prepares to consider his expulsion from the Senate.
On Monday, a parliamentary commission will debate whether to strip him of his Senate seat.
That result would prove disastrous for Mr. Rudd and deliver a resounding majority in Parliament for Mr. Abbott.
Hannes Swoboda of Austria is the president of the Socialists and Democrats, a grouping of left-leaning forces.
In April 2012, she was allowed to run for the Myanmar Parliament and won.
Hassan Rouhani was sworn in as Iran’s president during a ceremony in Parliament on Sunday.
That makes the Constitution easier to revise by requiring a simple majority in Parliament instead of the current two-thirds.
The authority’s director told members of Bangladesh’s Parliament that roughly 8,000 buildings in Dhaka lacked required approvals.
Mr.Mandela, as party leader, would be named president when Parliament convened.
The impact of the undercount of accidental gun deaths emerges in stark relief in the statehouse battles over gun-storage laws.
Under a sign for the Kiev City Council, someone had painted Revolution Headquarters in black.
In Brussels, the European Parliament issued a statement calling for the European Union to start a mediation mission.
The Parliament and society finally recognizes fully the violence of the system of prostitution.
A Democratic state assemblyman has pushed the Legislature to legalize recreational marijuana use.
The newly formed political party will contest the Delhi Assembly elections this year.
It was formed just a few days ago by the speaker of the General National Congress, Nuri Abusahmen.
In fact, a range of experts agree that Trump's proposals are more likely to deepen those problems.
It doesn't matter if we raise our hands and feet in parliamentary votes, because we will never win.
Mr.Cruz promised not to use parliamentary tactics to block a final vote. 
The deal would bind Ukraine more closely with Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan.
France's Parliament on Wednesday approved a bill to discourage prostitution by penalizing those who pay for sex.
Until last year, MPs in the lower House of Representatives could take babies only into parliamentary offices or public galleries.
Australian Senator Larissa Waters has become the first politician to breastfeed in the nation's parliament.
A bill addressing the issue failed in the Florida Legislature this year.
But any constitutional changes need the support of more than 75 percent of the members of Parliament. 
The Catalan parliament is set to meet on Monday to discuss the referendum results and decide what to do next.
There would be a session in the Catalan parliament on Monday.
They organized the women's peace council in 1915, with its members from all the first world war countries.
He also promised to institute a national growth strategy during a session of Parliament to start in October.
But that reliance has often put it at the mercy of political forces beyond its control.
So certainly, since the 1975 revolution, Vietnam has been Laos's closest political partner.
They seek to create political and economic connections with all of their different neighbors.
It really raises questions around what's the level of political support in Laos for the Mekong River Commission.
President Juan Manuel Santos, who has staked his legacy on peace, must now sell the agreement to his people.
They will spend zero days in prison, they will be awarded with political representation.
Hillary Clinton’s attempt to delete the single worst week of her political career isn’t going to work.
Then there is the new plaque commemorating Carl Gustaf Mannerheim, the Finnish military officer and statesman.
This time they say they have a strategy that will shield them from political fallout.
The signal is that the US is a faraway country, and that the US political system is dysfunctional.
The advantage is shown especially with China having weathered its own domestic political upheavals.
Her political foes could now paint her as a pro Japanese collaborator.
What began as an abstract political discussion flared suddenly into a personal quarrel.
The conference is to reach a political settlement in Syria under the auspices of the United Nations.
Widodo, the governor of Jakarta, does something practically unheard-of among Indonesia's political elite.
In a country rife with corruption, Mr. Joko is widely considered a clean politician.
He has invested the most effort and political capital on two projects in particular.
His victory was viewed as an emphatic rejection of the political pattern.
Besides the nostalgia, there was a geopolitical rationale for the president's pilgrimage to this former capital.
We're in a political season now, and it's always difficult to get things done.
Still, he acknowledged that the free trade had come under political pressure in the last year.
The international community could permanently stay away from the spillover of the intensifying domestic political turmoil in the United States.
This is political blather and it is a politically defensive response to the choices China has made.
Right-wing critics accuse her of pandering to Western culture and political agendas.
The Israeli leader risks seeming frozen in the past amid a shifting geopolitical landscape.
The socialist North Korea was seen as more politically progressive than the then-authoritarian South Korea.
Few of the most conservative House lawmakers draw substantial support from business political action committees.
But striking at jihadist groups in Syria would pose formidable political, military and legal obstacles. 
The post has frequently been held by prominent political figures, including one of Mr. Biden's predecessors, Walter.
He was a capable statesman, comfortable with compromise an impatient with the doctrinaire.
This congregation made him the world’s best-known political prisoner without knowing precisely who he was.
Libyan lawmakers and local leaders across the political spectrum have vowed for months.
This elevate his status and cementing his position as the main political opponent of President Vladimir V.Putin.
They want to exchange for the appearance of greater legitimacy for the Russian political system.
Because it violated several rights protected by the European Court of Human Rights, including protections against political prosecution.
Prosecutors indicted Won Sei-hoon, for allegedly supervising an online smear campaign against Ms. Park’s political opponents.
Student activists demanded reform within the intelligence agency to prevent it from meddling in domestic politics.
Cho Yong-gon, who supervised Mr. Yoon, denied putting political pressure on Mr. Yoon’s team.
He asked to continue some discussions around the political and free trade accords.
He has been under sharp international criticism for the conviction and jailing of his main political rival.
Russia had exerted heavy pressure to convince him to scuttle the political and free trade agreements with Europe.
On Saturday night, Mr.Mandela’s body lay in his bedroom, said Bantu Holomisa, a family friend and a political leader.
Unlike most European royalty, Belgium's monarchy still has modest but, on occasion, critical political powers.
For him, stability has become the most important aspect of Italian politics, more than reform.
Political instability in Italy is more of a concern than in Spain, Portugal or Greece.
There’s a need for a stable Italy in political, financial and economic terms.
In today’s political and economic situation, the clear tendency was toward tradition and stability.
In the beginning, the solution should have been found through a dialogue from which political measures would have been born.
It seeks in the short term to bolster Kim Jong-un’s credentials as a statesman.
In their speeches, both leaders balanced their ideals as statesmen with their imperatives as politicians.
Meanwhile, New York City's new mayor, Bill Blasio, had quickly seemed to overshadow Cuomo as the state's leading progressive politician.
They must give bribes and be the primary sponsors of political corruption.
There are deep differences between many of those fighting in Syria and the political leaders.
An agreement was ever reached for a political solution to end the civil war.
You need two parties for an agreement, and there is no viable political alternative to the coalition. 
A number of groups are linked to the coalition's supreme military council.
He is a coalition member and an aide to Mr Jarba.
The escalating political crisis underscores the power Mr.Gulen has accumulated within the Turkish state.
Ersin Kalaycioglu was a political science professor at Sabanci University in Istanbul.
They have fallen victim to the violent political program that is hitting the nation's conscience.
He called his work in public health and environmental policy a noble legacy. 
The improbable campaign of Aleksei Navalny, the corruption-fighting activist, has exposed disarray in the political system Mr Putin has constructed.
Mr Sobyanin is among the Putin advisers who have advocated a loosening of the repressive political system.
They also have pointed to a recent meeting with political strategists organized by a senior Kremlin aide, Vyacheslav Volodin.
Sergei Markov was a political strategist with ties to the Kremlin who was at the meeting.
He said that the strategy would allow Mr Sobyanin to demonstrate that he has legitimate political support. 
The purge was the biggest political upheaval in North Korea in recent years.
The company is famous for offensive advertising and wagers on delicate political issues, some with racial overtones.
Some of Mr.Jang’s associates were seeking political asylum in Seoul and Beijing after fleeing the purge at home.
The only way to solve the economic ills is to come up with a political settlement of Iran’s nuclear dispute.
Rouhani’s economic success depends on the determination of Iran’s other leaders to find a solution for the nuclear support.
A strategy favored by Iran’s leaders over the past years is proving increasingly complicated.
The uproar highlight how emotions over events more than 70 years ago remain potent enough to damage Mr.Abe politically. 
It warned that the attackers were able to mount such coordinated assaults because they had political and sectarian support.
The troubling gap between politics and governance in Pakistan came into stark relief on Tuesday.
He confounded his many critics, who regularly predicted his political demise, through adroit maneuvering.
The call for mass mobilization thrust the general into the center of Egypt's contentious politics.
But taking a bigger role in a vast and unprecedented cleanup may also be a political gamble for Mr. Abe.
Mr. Snowden could still decide to seek permanent asylum in another country. 
But even today, in business and politics, finance and aviation, a cavalier attitude to danger is deeply ingrained.
He said that the political influence of factory owners diluted some of the amendments.
The issue of asylum seekers is among the most contentious in Australian politics.
As a vibrant but sometimes tumultuous democracy, the Philippines has a wide spectrum of political views.
Finally, some political analysts are still wondering whether Mr.Berlusconi, in the end, will avoid serving his full sentence.
On Tuesday night as he spoke, his political action committee was hosting a $2,500-per-plate fund-raiser in Washington.
The sentencing in State Supreme Court put to rest a politically contentious case that highlighted concerns over police accountability.
He placed on making racial reconciliation the centerpiece of his presidency.
The political system is the same and the old system can’t go on.
Denny Roy, a political scientist, wrote a still-cited 1994 journal article.
Political murders, particularly those accomplished with poisons, are nothing new in Russia, going back five centuries.
Cheong Seong-chang is a researcher on the North Korean political system at Sejong Institute in South Korea.
Jean Paul Fitoussi is an economist at the Institut d' tudes Politiques de Paris.
The efforts are an attempt to sidestep Congress on an issue that has become increasingly divisive politically.
But these countries will become a victim of the American political system.
The victims are not of Wall Street's excesses but of a political system in Washington.
This is a strangulation of political rights and open debate, concentrating power in an ever tighter circle of allies.
The accord was a reminder that even fierce political combatants can find common ground.
A confrontation appeared to mark the limit of his brash, undisciplined brand of politics.
Concern about the fitness of candidates for office have long been a hallmark of American politics.
Every transgression, real or perceived, from her decades-long career in politics stubbornly sticks to her.
In all societies, politics needs time to adjust to large social transformations.
In the party leadership reshuffle, Ri Yong-ho was made an alternate member of the Politburo.
Digging up the dead and sometimes even mutilating their remains have long been a fixture of politics in Latin America.
At times, the proceedings seemed to be more about geopolitics than about national mourning.
With that foundation in place, we believe that there are broad prospects for China-US cooperation.
The swimsuit was not intended to exclude non-Muslims and was not meant to be a political statement.
India’s independence movement was founded on civil disobedience, so lawbreaking is enmeshed in the political culture.
Emad Shahin is a political scientist at the American University in Cairo. 
Iranians voted to defy their own theocracy by backing the reformist Hassan Rouhani for a second term as president.
Many political figures returned to find themselves at the center of a grab for power and money.
Hugo Chávez had an unsuccessful attempt to prove Simón Bolívar died from arsenic poisoning by Colombian oligarchs. 
I have this concern, that my political career ends because of these charges.
And I have taught my children not to believe in politics either.
I'm not sure whether the political groups want to hold it or not.
It is only a question of whether the Brotherhood are pummeled out of the political arena. 
Latin America is far from the only region where political or intellectual figures are unearthed.
Hopes for a negotiated settlement to the political standoff still seem distant.
Mr Trump again tried to change his politically inflammatory approach to immigration. 
Trump was among the first to note his ability to defy the laws of political gravity.
She seemed a little removed from their teenage world of music, parties and political ferment.
He is the top political officer in the Korean People’s Army.
They tried to lay out a political justification for these acts.
They found youth cropping up repeatedly in various political slogans, like youth power.
Once they were friends and colleagues who reveled in the heady world of British news, politics and intrigue.
His humor and willingness to thumb his nose at the Kremlin have been intrinsic to his political success.
His boss was promoted to become a member of the Politburo of the ruling Workers' Party.
He would not sign political and free-trade agreements that had been in the works for years with the European Union.
The prime minister's abduction was part of a political power play.
Now Diepsloot is a political battleground, with other parties making inroads.
People approached in Jharkhand’s capital said the accusations were false, advanced by Mr.Baitha’s political opponents.
But the demands of his politics kept him from his family.
Yet local leaders suggest the problem is more political than a matter of too many gunmen.
The racial politics surrounding the Roma minority in France shadowed the expulsion of the Kosovar girl.
Mr.Putin's announcement, at a Kremlin meeting with Mr.Yanukovich, substantially alters the political landscape.
A 2003 study was done by David, a political scientist now at the University of Southern California.
Mr.Mandela described his personal evolution from the temptations of black nationalism to the politics of multiracialism.
Mr.McCain chastised Russia for its role in derailing Ukraine’s plans to sign the trade and political accords with Europe.
But others fomented factional violence in hopes of disabling the black political leadership.
The other believes those people are recklessly pursuing a strategy that builds up individual political brands at the party’s expense.
The Clintons always alert to the slightest shifts in the political atmosphere.
The wave of exhumations reflected the difficulty some political figures have finding serenity in the afterlife.
The decision is not to sign political and free trade accords with the European Union.
Street politics were always in the forefront and in this environment, they will stay that way.
The next 48 hours may prove the biggest test of his political career.
It was a bold but risky move by Russia, given the political chaos in Kiev, the Ukrainian capital.
Because of the way congressional districts are drawn, Republicans have a powerful structural advantage even in a punishing political environment.
If geared into political momentum, it has the potential to become a revolution.
It acquires clues to religious or political affiliations, and pick up sensitive information like regular calls to a psychiatrist’s office.
Washington is looking more like the Italian political system, with its permanent crises, and not a presidential system, as before.
And for a time he insisted that the A.N.C. keep a distance from Indian and mixed-race political movements.
It will also elect a new central committee, which in turn appoints the party's politburo and presidium.
Paul Manafort, a Republican political operative since the 1970s, was supposed to impose order on Donald Trump's chaotic presidential campaign.
After weeks of futile political games from Republicans, we are still have on progress.
The agency’s former director, Won Sei-hoon, was later convicted on charges of meddling in domestic politics.
Vice President Michel Temer, a constitutional law scholar and seasoned politician, will assume the presidency.
Russia has its own independent politics and strongly defends its national interests.
But his supporters said house arrest could unduly restrict his access to people, his business and his political activities.
But he said he could not speak freely until a country granted him permanent political asylum.
But Mr.Reid sees little incentive or political advantage in bowing to those demands.
The trade pacts that foster exports can have the unintended effect of encouraging land grabs by wealthy, politically connected families.
There is uncertainty over the direction in which the political situation there will develop.
But Harold H.Bruff argued that the episode would have enduring political ramifications.
But political scientists have repeatedly investigated this question and, time and again, emerged with the same answer.
But Abedin's separation quickly became political fodder for Donald Mr Trump, Clinton's Republican opponent.
And his background there gave him useful insights into the sometimes tribal politics of South Africa.
Mr.Berlusconi has already endured one of the more tumultuous months of his never-boring political career.
 Mr.Biden's aides said their exchanges were similarly uninhibited on Wednesday, ranging widely to include history and politics.
Some of Brazil’s new exhumations are rooted in disputed political history.
The billions upon billions of digital connections defied national borders or crusty arguments about competing systems of political organisation. 
Moving to the US, the only thing you get out of it is potentially a political interest. 
It is completing the global political awakening that began with satellite television.
If Mr Macron succeeds, the forces of nationalism and political extremism will suffer a setback around the world.
You should be knowledgeable about how politics affect medicine and social issues.
Those can master, and navigate between, legal codes, faith traditions, computer platforms, political viewpoints.
Their predicaments and political absurdities are to welcome others in on the joke.
The personnel shall not to partake in any political activities in Iraq.
Politics is not the only non-film industry Johansson has expressed interest in.
Johansson explained she had always had a keen interest in local politics.
In the face of this current political climate, it is vital to make our mission to get really personal.
China’s not just those headlines, the burgeoning economy of the unique politics.
Any peace deal is complicated by factionalism, with ancient roots, among the political and rebel organizations involved.
The power structure of the clans and tribes transcends the power of the political groups.
Detractors of the Shinawatra clan are the country's most influential political family.
On Sunday, he did, however, pledge to stay active for his Yukos colleague, Platon.Lebedev, and political prisoners in Russia.
That growth would suffer next year if the political turmoil endured.
But Hezbollah’s political base seems deeply committed, and its fighters exhibit a soldier like discipline in going where ordered.
This is something that Chinese culture and politics begs for. 
While they blamed unspecified politicians and others around the world for flirting with them.
Her political ambitions have been thwarted for decades by the military.
It did not appear to be related to terrorism, politics or civil rights.
It included one that killed a senior political figure and American ally.
There is a vision of a political confrontation that can go on for years.
The incident was one of the causes of a series of periodic political upheavals.
The unfolding scandal has already done significant political damage to Mr.Erdogan.
The intervention in the ranks of law enforcement for what appear to be political motives.
It is also an enormous source of patronage, creating fortunes for contractors with political connections.
Most of the imprisoned are not there for any political reason.
The amnesty law, however, rules out release for Mr.Khodorkovsky, who was convicted twice on politically tinged charges.
He considers a unilateral declaration of independence that would deepen Spain’s constitutional and political crisis.
It's impressive to translate such a novel with many characters, complicated scenarios, and hidden political metaphors.
But early feminists were fighting for much more than political power.
Cambodia faced a volatile and possibly prolonged political standoff on Monday.
Such charges would probably signal the end of a potential political deal.
The decision will have been made to exclude them from the political system.
The differences on geopolitical and security issues are an equally compelling reason to scrap the meeting.
Unidentified attackers bombed a police station north of Cairo, raising the specter of a new kind of political violence.
General Sisi warned Egyptians and the country’s political forces of the need to confront such violence.
Dariush Zahedi, an Iran sanctions expert, is now a political science lecturer at the University of California, Berkeley.
They’ll hesitate before visiting controversial Web sites, discussing controversial topics or investigating politically sensitive questions.
Aleksei A.Navalny, who famously branded the president’s United Russia political machine the party of swindlers and thieves.
That was later confirmed by Vadim Kobzev, Mr.Navalny’s lawyer, who called it a clearly political decision.
For the past 12 years, Russian authorities typically refrained from using blunt force to sideline political challengers.
But he has drawn the line at political challenges, as he did with the oil billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky's behavior.
United States is deeply disappointed and concerned by the conviction and called the charges politically motivated.
Mr.Ofitserov, a father of five who has not been politically active, was sentenced to four years in prison.
He plunged into politics and was elected to the Senate with the center-left Democratic Party.
The dozens of trials involving Mr. Berlusconi have often caused political turmoil.
He shifted the tone of politics, eschewing bare-knuckles confrontation for a more accommodating approach.
During a political crisis in 2009, General Kayani discussed the possibility of a military takeover.
The drama later fizzled, suggesting new limits to military meddling in politics.
His constant maneuvering succeeded in yielding Mr.Zardari political and judicial victories.
There is a sense that political normalcy is starting to set in.
He will not be on the guest list on Sunday when Belgium's political and social elite gather. 
On board, men of all ages speak openly about everything from politics to traffic, often in the presence of women.
Not many of the children knew what a Current Event was. 
Republican had engineered the budget impasse as a way to strip the new health care law of funding.
There is deep skepticism in both parties that Representative of Wisconsin and Senator of Washington, who will lead the budget.
Mr Hagel, a former Republican senator, has been harshly critical of his fellow Republicans in the budget fight.
The Office of Management and Budget issued such an order shortly before the midnight deadline.
A budget agreement with this president and this Senate which won't solve all of our problems.
He earning the respect of hard-line conservatives for his budget blueprint.
He has expressed concern that Congress is damaging the economy through budget brinkmanship.
Urgent political agreements on budget and debt issues are necessary to preserve and, indeed, reinforce the modest recovery.
It relaxed budget targets for a number of countries and stressed labor and other reforms as well as just cuts.
The annual budget will run in the tens of millions of dollars.
Yet as cost estimates have risen, the budget now stands at 42.6 billion.
House and Senate budget negotiators reached agreement Tuesday on a budget deal.
China’s leaders appeared to share their U.S. counterparts’ relief that Congress finally reached a budget deal.
An economic catastrophe that could ripple through stock markets,foreign capitals,corporate boardrooms,state budget offices and the bank accounts of everyday investors.
Going well beyond its four previous analyses of the emissions problem, the panel endorsed a carbon budget for humanity.
A budget deal allows Republicans to remain singularly focused on the health care law.
The Senate on Monday is expected to send back to the House a plain budget bill.
Because the Senate voted to take up a budget bill that Democrats intend to alter to their liking. 
The cuts to programs like health research, education and Head Start are alleviating.
What a new House-Senate budget conference can deliver by its Dec.13 deadline?
Both the Syria vote and the current budget crisis are nerve-racking for the world.
We are in budget planning for 2014, so it casts a pall.
The $63 billion increase over the next two years would be spread evenly between Pentagon and domestic spending.
The new top-line spending numbers can be guaranteed for the next two fiscal years.
It also gives room for budget negotiators to reach a broader deal.
It also mandated the formal budget negotiations in a separate parliamentary motion.
He expressed reluctance to reverse automatic, across-the-board spending cuts mandated by the 2011 Budget Control Act.
House and Senate negotiators on Thursday advanced in on a budget deal.
Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland is the senior Democrat on the House Budget Committee.
The deal, while modest in scope, amounts to a cease-fire in the budget wars that have debilitated Washington since 2011.
Representative Paul D.Ryan is Republican of Wisconsin and chairman of the House Budget Committee.
The effort to link the health care amendments to the budget was a strategy that cannot possibly work. 
Mr Macron has said a common budget for the eurozone would help it deal with economic shocks. 
We've delivered a budget that takes a realistic look at the challenges ahead.
Their job includes hiring people, negotiating contracts, addressing budget matters, understanding general business operations and guiding work teams for projects.
Stay on your budget because you might have more than two interviews for the day or more for the week.
Our goal is to get the hiring manager to tell you the budgeted salary range for the position.
Local padarias keep your budget under control and the palate delighted.
It can place you above or below the budgeted salary for the position. 
Is this also the range for which you've budgeted for this position?
I'm sure you've budgeted a salary range based on competitive data for this industry.
By the age of 30, every woman should have learned to master certain basic money skills, like keeping a budget.
Mr Boehner argued that budget deals have been part of past agreements to raise the debt limit.
That would cut the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget by 34 percent.
It would have cut the Environmental Protection Agency's budget to $5.5 billion from $8.3 billion.
The House has declined to proceed on the implementation of the very budget it adopted just three months ago.
With the Treasury Department warning that it could run out of money to pay national obligations within a day.
Treasury Secretary Jacob J.Lew has far less experience in Asia than his predecessor, Timothy F.Geithner.
This expert is Adam Szubin, the director of the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control.
He is also a deputy assistant secretary for international trade and investment policy at the Treasury Department under President Carter.
China has become shrill in its criticism of the fiscal train wreck in the United States.
The business lobby and Republicans are diverging over the fiscal crisis.
The impasse over the US’s finances appeared closer to a short-term resolution on Friday.
Most recently over is the fiscal cliff talks late last year.
Her finance minister, Wolfgang Sch uble, was already committed to examining a further request.
It insists it is sticking to its basic policy of forcing financial discipline.
Their only real means of fighting them is through military and financial support to the Syrian rebels.
He mentioned cataclysms from fiscal collapse to crime waves to terrorist attacks.
He will face fiscal, political and structural challenges in enacting his ambitious policy agenda.
First to prove that the city is so financially troubled as to be eligible for bankruptcy.
The proposal forbids the Treasury Department to use extraordinary measures to extend its borrowing capabilities.
Austerity measures demanded in a related International Monetary Fund loan were too stringent
Ms.Yellen met Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen at his home outside San Diego.
A new report estimates the costs of the fiscal uncertainty of the last few years.
They are ready if the Treasury Department is unable to pay back its short-term debt on time.
It is in desperate need of a financial aid package of $17 billion or more.
As the financial situation worsens, it is not clear whether additional assistance will be forthcoming.
While this fiscal impasse may be ending, many on Wall Street fear that Washington is not done.
This fiscal wheel-spinning would not be as much a concern if the other Abenomics policies were wielding a wider effect.
In January, the United States Treasury announced sanctions imposed on 11 individuals and entities involved in Iran's ballistic missile program.
The bitter fiscal stalemate in Washington is producing nervous ripples from London to Bali.
The news came as the Treasury Department said it had only about $35 billion in cash on hand.
The fiscal 2013 level remains in effect under the continuing resolution passed in October.
The private sector is over-regulated and the public finances are over-stretched. 
The economic policy aims to combine monetary and fiscal stimulus with structural economic reforms.
This might sound unattainable if finances are not looking great right now.
Apple's financial results are only disappointing compared to the very high expectations set by previous quarters' results.
Earlier this week, he proposed a two-step resolution to the fiscal impasse.
With Congress momentarily freed from the Syrian crisis, lawmakers plunged back into their bitter fiscal standoff on Thursday. 
A strong advocate of fiscal rectitude, Mr. Schiuble dominated Europe’s policy response to the eurozone debt crisis.
This is as serious a challenge on fiscal matters as I’ve ever seen.
Hoyer was pessimistic about avoiding another fiscal crisis in the fall.
Washington will finally grapple with the true drivers of the federal budget deficit
Despite the nation's acute fiscal deficit crisis, the Parliament passed an extraordinary bill. 
He is now asking Parliament to alter the coming budget to prevent a deficit.
But the scale and the persistence of the country’s economic difficulties may cool Democratic ardor for addressing deficits.
Our deficits are half of what they were a few years ago.
Huawei does not have the stomach or the resources to wade through the rivers of red ink.
The only working people who have paid a price to reduce the deficit so far are federal workers.
The plan would raise the federal deficit by a little under 3 per cent of gross domestic product.
The president pressed the group to aim for a deficit-reduction deal. 
It may be the relatively familiar look of Omran’s distress that allows a broader public to relate to it.
Cities all over the world rename streets and put up statues to commemorate local heroes and beloved public figures.
Republicans are counting on to reverse the tide of public condemnation.
The Department of Health and Human Services said it needed the data.
But the idea of working and living underground has met with some skepticism from the public.
American public deserved a chance to see these issues determined by open courts.
It has publicly foreshadowed more such zones in the future, perhaps extending into the disputed South China Sea.
But after his death, she raised her public profile, assuming more titles.
Critics noted years of providing the public with data on murders, rapes, thefts and other crimes.
The public should remain vigilant, and take precautions against strong winds and flooding as early as possible.
Rand Paul is actually in sync with a crisis-weary America and a fatigued G.O.P.
What does pollution this severe portend in terms of public health? 
That will make it easier for the public to track trends.
Ms.Merkel’s center-left opponents tried during the campaign to rally support for the idea of so-called eurobonds.
General Kalashnikov's public life resulted from a secret competition to develop the Soviet infantry rifle for the Cold War.
Signs in the economy are also showing that public confidence is slipping because there is no deal.
The release of information about the communist party's anti-corruption campaign is becoming an object of deep public exploration in China.
The Chinese public can accept the fact that our environment is polluted.
We think it’s always the right of the public to know how bad the situation is.
Mr.Swartz had long argued for public access to many kinds of important documents hidden behind walls of copyright.
He needed to intervene to rebuild public trust and salvage a pillar of his economic revival plan.
Some were born after Mr.Mandela retired from public life in 2004.
In recent months the Marines engaged in an unusually public campaign to keep women out of some jobs.
The argument that China's pollution crisis has forced a public awareness of the problem has been made before.
The American people do not need more emotional, condescending lectures that are completely devoid of facts.
It was the first time that members of A58the public other than his lawyers had been allowed to see him.
The true cause of  this kind of extrajudicial violence is the public's loss of confidence in state institutions.
That fuels public demand for more extralegal violence to quell the problem.
Evictions are so frequent that individual cases seldom grab public attention unless there is something unusual about them.
Wilson’s wife, Edith, and his doctor allegedly orchestrated a cover-up to prevent the public from learning about his deteriorating condition.
Years after he retreated from public life, his name still resonated.
She also admired the way Tobin mixed academic work with public service.
It also offered sincere apologies for the negative social impact brought about by the controversy.
He prompted a badly needed public debate about the scope of the intelligence effort.
He was vigilant about keeping his wheelchair hidden from the public.
She walked right into the gap with a misstep that colored her public persona going forward.
Polls show that the public is already deeply unhappy with its leaders in Congress. 
Programs that are implemented in secret, out of public oversight, lack that legitimacy, and that's a problem.
The public scrutiny of modern campaigns has made speculation about the health of presidential candidates more relentless.
Surveys in the Philippines have shown for a decade that the general public would welcome a return of American forces.
Mr.Duterte’s public image has been characterized by bouts of coarse language.
The campaign helps sway public opinion in favor of Ms.Park before the Dec.19 election.
The cacophony undermines the Fed’s effectiveness by sowing confusion about the direction of policy.
Several of the newsletter items published on Monday add new details to the public understanding of previously known events.
F.D.A.is doing what it can under this difficult situation to protect public health.
Mr.Mandela retreated from public life in 2004 at the age of 85.
They resorted to ever more abject apologies that still failed to assuage public anger.
The carrier faced a public backlash for refusing to allow two female passengers to board wearing leggings.
What do you think are the biggest public misconceptions of Alzheimer's disease?
This is also our responsibility to make the public comprehend some knowledge about import-export commodity inspection.
These activities offered audiences a closer look at the more colorful aspects of Latin cultures.
She said despite being a public figure she likes to keep her private life private.
Our unusual showing caught the attention of the public, and orders for the clothes poured in.   
I am candid about myself in my column, and that frees me to investigate the private lives of public figures.
Every region has a number of mineral water sources that are open to the public and free to drink.
One of them said the trial was tainted by the extraordinary public interest in the case.
The widely publicized investigation has badly dented the standing of the royal family with the Spanish public.
It has captured the public imagination in a country fascinated by real or imagined conspiracies.
In the face of growing public dissent to his rule, Prime Minister Hun Sen appeared to signal.
Do we need more public oversight when it comes to the city’s stratospheric architecture?
The city should put a limit on air rights that can be merged without public review.
Members of the public are allowed to visit the memorial as work continues.
He skilled at selling the benefits of the euro and of deeper European integration to an often sceptical German public.
The current plan incorporated more scientific analysis and public input than the two previous ones.
The Park Service has held 60 public meetings and received 30,000 comments, two-thirds of which supported the plan.
Some of the public venom toward Mr.Zardari appeared to have dissipated.
Despite efforts to keep the karez system alive, some officials appear resigned to their demise.
South Korean officials said the site still had a couple of spare tunnels .
Much to the thrill of conservationists and European officials, they have thrived.
Among top officials, only Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel seems eager to put the rebalancing at the top of his agenda.
A series of conciliatory messages and speeches have been given from Mr Rouhani and other Iranian officials.
A senior American official said on Monday that the United States was heartened by the change of attitude in Iran.
But the official also said that the United States and its partners were still waiting to see.
The senior American official said that any easing of sanctions would be proportional to what Iran puts on the table.
The senior American official said that Iran had a right to develop a civilian nuclear energy program.
American intelligence officials and lawmakers have described it as one of the most serious plots against American and Western interests.
American counterterrorism officials say they believe the disclosure about the Qaeda plot has had a significant impact.
Other intelligence and counterterrorism officials offer a dissenting view, saying it is difficult.
In the telling of some American officials, the C.I.A. drone campaign in Pakistan has been a triumph with few downsides.
Officials have recently published reports that attacked America's lack of transparency over the drone campaign.
How many of them, a district official wanted to know, had heard of Yousafzai? 
On the day they fled, bureaucrats in Tokyo knew the direction they were taking could be dangerous.
Officials have reoccupied a corner of Namie hall for their Office for Preparation to Return to the Town.
A wild Indian elephant that attracted worldwide attention died on Tuesday of a heart attack, Bangladeshi officials said.
Federal officials could spot problems with the state exchanges and step in to help fix them.
The mold is that an Indonesian official does what he wants.
It is because of corruption and collusion among government officials, lawmakers and powerful business interests. 
The aim is to make sure that city officials are following through on the projects.
In Washington, Pentagon officials warned that it would be premature to declare outright victory.
The interview was conducted in the presence of North Korean officials.
Forestry officials had hoped to use domestic elephants to guide the elephant to the nearest road.
Some emails and other records described donors seeking and in some cases obtaining meetings with State Department officials.
Chinese officials made similar noises five years ago, when the United States was being buffeted by a banking crisis.
At least one member of the small group of attackers at the Westgate mall was Kenyan, according to Kenyan officials.
South Korean officials believed that General Kim commanded units responsible for sinking.
South Korean officials believed that General Ri was appointed military chief during the August meeting of the Central Military Commission.
French officials called the spying totally unacceptable and demanded that it cease.
American and Israeli officials say the alliance is in many ways closer than ever.
Those officials were likely left wondering if the plan was right.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he is  not authorized to comment on the matter.
They said the award was given annually by a group of retired CIA officers.
He was a top official in the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Intelligence and law enforcement officials say the report could have affected the assignments Mr. Snowden was given.
It would not investigate less serious complaints about personal behavior, a senior law enforcement official said.
People are complaining that they knew nothing would happen, but officials forced them to move anyway.
Officials would have a harder time persuading large numbers of people to evacuate in the future.
This forced Chinese officials and newspaper editorials into some fairly excruciating dissembling and policy clarifications. 
The official, Rick Ledgett, is heading the security agency’s task force examining Mr.Snowden’s leak. 
But for all of Mr.Snowden’s technical expertise, some American officials also place blame on the security agency. 
The official said the State Department often described the spying  to foreign leaders as business as usual between nations.
It had been years since an Iraqi official had been to Afghanistan.
American officials have long used the lraq withdrawal as a cautionary example.
Several senior American officials warned him that they would be forced to begin considering the zero option.
Afghan officials who had hoped their president might take heed of Iraq's troubles.
Ms. Yellen has spent more than half of the last 20 years as a top Fed official.
American officials said that the Libyans tacitly approved the Saturday raid.
Although American officials claim that Pakistani military and intelligence services allowed the action.
Last month, a Seoul court ordered the prosecution of two more senior intelligence officials.
The bailout left European officials stunned and scrambling for a response.
Indian officials said that Ms.Khobragade was arrested and handcuffed on the street as she was leaving her daughter at school.
Indian officials said she was kept in a holding cell with drug addicts before she was released on $250,000 bail.
Indian officials removed the maze of concrete security barriers surrounding the American Embassy compound.
And long lists of officials who are permitted to bypass the screenings are posted at many Indian airports.
And American officials do not want to punish the Afghan people because of Mr.Karzai’s intransigence, the senior administration official said.
The officials asked not to be identified because they were describing internal discussions and delicate negotiations.
Many of the high-ranking officials present in Washington for the meetings made open appeals to Congres.
An American official had been briefed on the intelligence reports in recent days.
Kenyan security officials acknowledged that the effort to end the standoff had taken longer than expected.
Some Western security officials are now beginning to wonder if other terrorist groups may be involved.
Tokyo presented its bid as a safe pair of hands, an appeal that clearly resonated with Olympic officials.
South Korean officials declined to comment on the American scholars’ findings or on the North’s centrifuge capabilities in general.
Navy officials said late Monday that Mr. Alexis had worked as a contractor in information technology.
Navy officials said Mr. Alexis was discharged in 2011 after exhibiting a pattern of misbehavior, which officials declined to detail.
Officials later cleared one of the two men seen on the surveillance video.
Bombings bring so many patients at once that doctors treat them on the floor, and hospitals and medical workers have been systematically targeted in the war.
The war has lasted 52 years, claimed some 220,000 lives and displaced more than 5 million people, is at last coming to an end.
This even though Mr. Kadyrov, in the First Chechen War, led an anti-Russian militia and was seen in propaganda videos calling on Chechens to kill as many Russians as possible.
In a city with a long history of coexistence among religious and ethnic groups, the war is deforming relationships and landscapes.
North Korea condemns all such drills as a rehearsal for an invasion and has often responded with warlike words, or missile tests.
Many of the celebrators were quick to note that for once they had something to be proud of that had nothing to do with war.
Keep in mind, I’m somebody who opposed the war in Iraq and am not interested in repeating mistakes basing decisions on false intelligence.
It spread from war to war, passing to Soviet allies, and to terrorists and criminals, aided by intelligence agencies and gray- and black-market sales.
Some brigades that historically had been based in South Korea were moved to the Middle East for the wars of the past decade.
The conditions that we have put forward for the signing of the security agreement are ridding Afghanistan of instability and war.
How to fight an increasingly bloody and chaotic proxy war in Syria using zealot militia fighters over whom they have almost no control?
We are hopeful that this gesture shows that we can win the war against poaching and that elephants will once again flourish.
There’s a realization that without extensive coordination on the ground this could go on for years and years or the opposition could be defeated.
As long as Riyadh and Tehran fight a Sunni-Shia war, there is no prospect of a regional settlement that would deny safe spaces for jihadis.
North Korea has given the world ample reason to ask, threats of war, occasional attacks against South Korea, eccentric leaders and wild-eyed propaganda.
It could mean preparing a last-ditch effort to survive that war by launching multiple nuclear strikes, chancing a nuclear retaliation for the slim chance to survive.
Gino Strada, a founder of Emergency, was the highly regarded Italian organization that provides medical services in war zones and elsewhere.
South Korea created the NIS, initially known as the Korean Central Intelligence Agency, in the 1960s to catch spies from North Korea, with which it remains technically at war.
But Mr.Bustani said his own experts had told him that those weapons were destroyed in the 1990s,after the Persian Gulf war.
The Korean Peninsula, still in a formal state of war, had gone from a Soviet-American deadlock to an overwhelming tilt in the South Korea's favor.
Mr. Newman was removed from his flight out of the country on Oct.26, a day after North Koreans interviewed him about his wartime activities, according to his family.
The Syria resolution was a major milestones for the United Nations after years of largely unproductive discussions in the Security Council over the civil war in Syria.
Much will depend on how it is ultimately implemented in a nation that is caught in a bloody, two-and-a- half-year civil war.
Spain attempted to find and identify the remains of the poet Federico García Lorca and others killed during the Spanish Civil War.
He is the leader of a devastated country where civil war has left 100,000 dead, two million living as refugees and large swaths of territory beyond his control.
Sudan’s official position on the fighting in South Sudan had been to support regional efforts to bring both sides to the negotiating table.
Sarma's delegation spent three days on site with the elephant before returning to India after Bangladeshi authorities warned that there were security threats in the area.
But a series of high-profile crimes this year have led the authorities to begin to acknowledge the depth of the problem. 
Authorities have a handful of tools they can use to keep the currency stable, including controlling how much money flows in and out of the country.
He said that he was happy to be free, and that the pressure of evading the authorities was normal for him.
Two other suspects, Ibrahim Abdeslam and his brother Salah, were interrogated and released by the Belgian authorities after trying to travel to Syria earlier in the year.
The Russian authorities are hoping to use the Games as a way to show off their country’s varied landscapes and superior organizational skills.
The authorities also charged Ms. Lonina with an additional felony for photographing her friend in the nude on Feb.26, the night before the assault.
When the fire had at last been put out, the forest authorities ordered several tons of a special type of grass-seed which would grow quickly.
In that case, the authorities linked her by marriage to an explosives expert working with an Islamic rebel group in Dagestan.
A month later, the authorities announced that they had killed her husband and four others in a raid in the region.
The violence has left hundreds dead already this year and prompted the authorities to make extraordinary efforts to keep it from reaching Sochi.
Mr.Putin ordered the authorities to provide assistance to the victims of Sunday’s bombing and their families and to tighten security at the country’s train stations and airports.
And it came a day after reports surfaced of the arrest by Lebanese authorities of a Saudi militant who leads the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, a group affiliated with Al Qaeda.
In that case, the authorities linked her by marriage to an explosives expert working with an Islamic rebel group in Dagestan. 
The violence has left hundreds dead already this year and prompted the authoritiesto make extraordinary efforts to keep it from reaching Sochi.
The Cambodian authorities have banned any public gatherings in order to quell one of the most serious challenges to the authoritarian leader who has ruled Cambodia for nearly 30 years.
The impasse comes amid fears by the Islamists that the authorities are preparing to break up their sit-in at a Cairo square.
He said sometimes there are extremes when the authorities ban hijab in public or in schools, referring to efforts to restrict Islamic head scarves in some European countries.
Over the same period, the hotel’s owners have paid the city $202.5 million in rent and fees, according to the state agency overseeing the project, Empire State Development.
This year, in a pattern that has been followed for several years now, economists have been counting on job growth to pick up speed.
While the Federal Reserve has been trying to promote growth of economy, the rest organizations of Washington has largely been working in the opposite direction.
Many economists said they expected the Fed to postpone into any move to scale back its major asset purchases, known as quantitative easing.
He said Sunday that the economies in the group would grow by 6.3 percent this year and 6.6 percent in 2014.
The regional autonomy law gives the power to mayors to manage their affairs to give concessions to issue licenses related to economic activity.
It marked the beginning of a transition from a leadership focused on environmental protection to one that gave precedence to economic development.
In 1978, 18 years after the partnership was formed, Deng Xiaoping ordered an end to all financial and technical assistance for Albania, effectively terminating the alliance.
The Fed's two main tasks respectively are helping to regulate the financial system and altering interest rates in response to economic growth and the level of inflation.
Mr.Shiller is among a group of prominent economists who are trying to integrate behavioral theories from psychology and other social sciences into rigorous models of economic activity.
On Wednesday, lawyers for Mr.Navalny and Pyotr Ofitserov, filed motions requesting that an independent economist be allowed to analyze the transaction.
The report charts where the most recent arrivals have come from, where they have settled, the jobs they have taken and their effects on the economy.
This arrival of immigrants in the past four decades has helped to bolster the city’s economy and usher in an era of renewal and growth.
As for the immigrants’ effects on the city’s economy, the demographers said, the foreign-born make up 47 percent of all employed residents.
It gave people something to focus on that did not have to do with the bad political situation, the bad economy or the bad weather.
The informal alliance was accompanied by economic and cultural exchanges that far exceeded what Tirana's new Confucius Institute could hope to achieve today.
Tokyo would get not only an expected economic boost of $30 billion in new growth, but also a chance to reinvent itself in the 21st century.
He said the attempts to negotiate might be driven by economic difficulties, some of them brought on by the international sanctions.
That is just one of the signs of the city’s long fade into the sunset of post-Soviet social and economic problems.
Another argument Mr. Kerry has used is that diplomatic progress would foster as much as $4 billion in private sector investment in the Palestinian economy.
Buoyed by a healthier housing sector, a surging stock market and resilient consumer spending,  economic activity should rebound in the second half of 2013 and accelerate into 2014.
The latest swoon looks a lot like the previous pauses that have prevented the economy from gaining much momentum since the recession ended in 2009.
The Fed’s chairman, Ben S.Bernanke, has hinted it will be slowly wound down later this year if the economy proves strong enough.
Experts who are fairly optimistic in the long-term, like Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, caution that Wednesday’s numbers on overall economic performance could look rather bleak.
And while no one will notice the difference in their own lives, in the world of economics, the bureau’s revision is a major event.
On the first floor of a hulking residential building, at the end of a dimly lighted corridor, a narrow door opens up into Hong Kong's economic underbelly.
During recessions, when the market price of labor is falling, employers similarly refrain from cutting wages because lower morale would diminish productivity.
Ms.Yellen was drawn to study economics as a path into public service and aspired as a college student to work at the Fed.
Ms.Yellen’s intellectual roots and leadership style both suggest that she would push somewhat more forcefully than Mr.Bernanke to extend the Fed’s stimulus campaign.
Economics allowed her to combine a love for the rigor of mathematics with a desire to work on issues affecting people’s lives. 
She took her first economics course and came home and gave me the one-hour lecture on why economics was the greatest thing going. 
She was not well matched to the work of an internal think tank expected to offer quick commentary on a wide range of economic issues.
No party presented a strong economic program to counter the current recession, so in the end, those who voted chose the status.
When the economists Janet Yellen and George Akerlof hired a baby sitter for their son in the early 1980s, they decided to pay more than the going wage.
Economists have long debated whether the result is that people buy more goods and services or simply pay higher prices for the same things.
Economists across a broad spectrum agree that breaching the debt limit would damage the economy and could be calamitous if it is prolonged.
when I heard of Mr.Jang’s execution, my first thought was that it was a death notice for those of us who have hoped for economic reform in the North.
Still, in Saga's Karatsu city, there is a bid to harness another aspect of Mr.Abe's economic growth plan, cutting the red tape that inhibits businesses from starting or growing.
But on Saturday, the ABC News hosts, tied to the schedule of live TV, proceeded with their questioning about the economy with an empty podium awaiting Mrs.Clinton.
But they said Mr.Xi displayed renewed interest in pursuing a dual-track strategy of economic pressure and diplomacy to curb North Korea's nuclear ambitions.
But East Coast governors say that after a decade of cleaning up their air, they have squeezed all the pollution they can out of their economies.
You might also consider how influential a given language is likely to be in the future, based on an area’s anticipated economic growth.
With the reform and opening up and the rapid development of economy, there are nearly 10 million new jobs every year.
The world economy is poised between deflationary financial and house-price collapses in several high-income countries and an inflationary global commodity price boom.
Operations research analysts are high-level problem-solvers who use advanced techniques to develop solutions that help businesses and organizations operate more efficiently and cost-effectively.
It's often said that if Brazilians could channel the creativity and industry they put into their annual Carnival blowout into economic endeavors, the country would be unstoppable.
Health insurance is merely a mean by which people pool money to guard against the sudden economic consequences of sickness or injury.
And the other great significance of commodity inspection is to promote the smooth development of economic and trade relations with foreign countries.
In 1930, the famous economist John was predicting that we'd all be working just 15-hour weeks by the year 2030. 
In 2008, just 19.1 percent of non-Asian multinational companies surveyed by the Economist Corporate Network had one or more board members living and working in Asia.
What is more, 52.6 percent of the respondents in the Economist Corporate Network's 2012 survey expected to have board members in the region by 2017.
In December 2012, The New York Times published an article about Ms.George’s case and the larger rethinking of the social and economic costs of long prison terms for nonviolent offenders.
It would be healthy to amend the Constitution from time to time to address the national, economic and social needs of our society.
Spies have a freer hand with economic targets in Britain, where the law permits intelligence gathering in the service of the economic well-being of the country.
The big issue is the large-scale building up of this stuff in the Northern Hemisphere, as well as growing emissions in the Southern Hemisphere from fast-developing economies like Brazil.
It seemed to reflect the degree to which both nations rely on oil from the South to keep their economies afloat.
This city is already creaking under the growth, but a gold-rush mentality in anticipation of the new law is setting in.
For a long time after the withdrawal, Afghan security forces will need a large amount of foreign military aid and economic support.
More than 110,000 people are serving time for what Russia calls economic crimes, out of a population of about three million self-employed people and owners of small and medium-size businesses.
He spends his time combing through the list of economic criminals with a team of lawyers, trying to free as many as possible.
Wolfgang has warned that spiralling levels of global debt and liquidity present a major risk to the world economy, in his parting shot as Germany’s finance minister.
In an interview with the Financial Times, the Europhile has steered one of the world’s largest economies for the past eight years.
More private sector investment was needed for the expansion to endure, for wages to rise sustainably and for inequalities to be tackled.
World growth should rise from a low of 3.1 per cent in 2016, to 3.5 per cent this year and 3.7 per cent in 2018, the OECD forecast.
The British economy will be the slowest growing in the Group of Seven in 2018 having been near the top of the league table in 2016.
That could free Mr.Abe to follow his early economic stimulus initiatives with the type of structural reforms that will challenge powerful vested interests.
What the people want, said Mr. Abe, 58, is an economy whose strength can be felt in all corners of the nation.
Iran's new president, Rouhani, vowed Saturday to work with the outside world to lift the oppressive sanctions, crippling the Iranian economy.
Racial tensions won’t get better,they may get worse, because people will feel as if they’ve got to compete with some other group to get scraps from a shrinking pot.
If once a week I’m not talking about jobs, the economy, and the middle class,  then all matter of distraction fills the void.
And U6 more than doubled in the crisis, from about 8 percent before the Great Recession to 17 percent in early 2010.
It’s never had the nominee of a major party stoking it, encouraging it and giving it a national megaphone, until now.
One is a Pacific Rim economic summit meeting in Indonesia, at which he hopes to meet with President Vladimir V.Putin of Russia.
while President Obama's words were similar to remarks he has given before, they were a clear rebuke to the divisive rhetoric coursing through the presidential campaign.
One project is to continue his involvement with the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative, and he said his presidential center would work with the group.
The only way is by passing new legislation to repeal or alter the powers Congress has previously delegated to the president..
The act gave the president the power to regulate all international trade and financial flows, and even to freeze or seize foreign assets.
Even if Mr. Clinton steps down, there could be remaining complications about a potential president’s name being affixed to an international foundation.
In recent days, senior rights activists have reported rumors that the incoming president, Mamnoon Hussain, would extend the freeze on executions.
On Sunday, Der Spiegel, a German newsmagazine, reported that the N.S.A.had intercepted communications inside the cabinet of the former Mexican president, Felipe Calderón.
In an important speech delivered in May this year, president Obama declared the end of the war on terror, suggesting that Al Qaeda's forces had been weakened.
Nelson Mandela, who led the emancipation of South Africa from white minority rule and served as his country’s first black president.
He attended to the liberation underground, lived in a prison rock quarry  and last came to the presidential suite of Africa’s richest country.
When his first term of office was up, unlike so many of the successful revolutionaries he regarded as kindred spirits, he declined a second term. 
Mr.Mandela overcame a personal mistrust bordering on loathing to share both power and a Nobel Peace Prize with the white president who preceded him, F.W.de Klerk.
As president, from 1994 to 1999, he devoted much energy to moderating the bitterness of his black electorate and to reassuring whites against their fears of vengeance.
After leaving the presidency, Mr.Mandela brought that moral stature to bear elsewhere around the continent, as a peace broker and champion of greater outside investment.
Ukraine’s Orange Revolution in 2004 was set off by blatant ballot fraud that handed Mr.Yanukovich an easy victory in the presidential race that year.
They accused it of making the establishment of an Islamic state a priority over the fight to topple President Bashar al-Assad.
The president believed that it was important to enhance the legitimacy of any action that would be taken by the executive.
Over all, he appeared to be arguing for the kind of terrorism-centric foreign policy that President George Bush adopted after the Sept.11, 2001, attacks.
In that way, dismantling the news service is another step by Mr.Putin to erase any legacy of Mr.Medvedev' presidency, and his modernization initiative.
The decision speaks volumes not only about his presidency but also about the increasingly worrisome struggle among powers great and small in East Asia.
In a sweeping tour of the world, the president confronted the sectarian chaos in the Middle East, and Russia's aggression toward its neighbors.
Throughout the eight years of her husband’s presidency, Michelle Obama wore her hair relaxed, straightened and blown out as First Lady.
Vice President Joseph Biden Jr., who was in Seoul meeting South Korean leaders when Mr. Newman was released, called North Korea’s decision to set him free a positive thing.
When campaigning for the Philippine presidency last spring, Rodrigo Duterte promised to kill so many criminals that fish will grow fat in Manila Bay from feasting on their corpses.
Iran' s president seemed intent to convey that he was prepared to take concrete steps to normalize relations with the West.
A large truck was parked at a corner, a rolling stage with giant color photographs of the current president, Mr. Zuma.
Instead presidents and countries create precedents that over time can become generally accepted as a gloss on what written domestic laws and international treaties permit.
She served on both of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaigns, which is a mark of loyalty and trust that Clinton prizes. 
He engineered purges with such a frequency and ruthlessness that President Park Geun-hye of South Korea called Mr. Kim's rule a reign of terror.
The vice president, they said, pressed Mr.Xi to implement some reforms as quickly as possible, given that his most ambitious ideas will take years to put in place.
Even if Iran's president called for time bound talks to resolve the  problems，he didn't have the chance to meet President Obama.
Notably absent from Assange’s analysis, however, was criticism of another world power, Russia, or its president, Vladimir V.Putin, who has hardly lived up to WikiLeaks’ideal of transparency.
President Barack Obama has called for increased financing for the program, part of a package of gun-related proposals made after the school shooting in Newtown, Conn., in December.
That is the seat of official power where he was sworn in 19 years ago as South Africa's first black president.
Mr.Mandela and Mr.Obama both served as the first black leaders of their nations, and both men won the Nobel Peace Prize.
Documents in Roosevelt’s presidential library show how the whispering campaign of his rival Thomas Dewey tried to paint Roosevelt as a tired old man.
Killings by the police and vigilantes in the Philippines' war on drugs have soared to nearly 1,800 in the seven weeks since President Rodrigo Duterte was sworn into office.
His family has reportedly been filing petitions for a pardon from President Giorgio Napolitano, who so far has not seemed receptive.
Just then a child no more than 14 years old, Turkey's president said later meandered into the gathering and detonated a vest of explosives.
They force it to run the clock as long as possible while they vote on a series of President Obama’s nominees.
Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, has made no secret of his ambition to restore his country to what he sees as its rightful place among the world’s leading nations.
As jeers cascaded from the crowd aimed at South Africa's current president, Jacob Zuma, Ms.Dube was one of many rolling their arms.
But the president has insisted he will not agree to significant reductions in projected Medicare and Medicaid spending,even his own tentative proposals.
In many respects the kind of wide authority and access to the president that she really needs to make a difference.
Ms.Yellen, 67, now finds herself as President Obama’s nominee to succeed the Fed chairman, Ben Bernanke, at the end of January. 
Mr.Obama is sending Vice President Joseph R.Biden Jr.to the region next week, when he will meet with Mr.Xi and Mr.Abe as well as South Korea's leader.
In a speech delivered on a visit to the city in 1997 while he was president, Mr. Mandela hailed Bloemfontein as a symbol of the country’s extraordinary transformation.
Unable to unravel the international nuclear deal with Tehran, as he had promised, the president is set on uniting the Arab world against the Ayatollahs.
It is certainly true that the success or failure of the new president will matter well beyond Franceand even well beyond Europe. 
I don’t think it’s for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct. 
For the first time in a long time, we have a French president who doesn’t want to flex his muscles against Germany.
When I met with president Obama earlier this month,I informed him of my decision to step down as ambassador in early 2014 to rejoin my family in Seattle.
I am profoundly grateful to president Obama for providing me the opportunity to serve as his representative in Beijing these past two and a half years.
Both sides in Syria's civil war see the deal to dismantle President Bashar's chemical weapons stockpiles as a major turning point.
It grew out of an impromptu conversation between Mr.Obama and President Putin on the sidelines of a summit meeting in St.Petersburg, Russia.
He would never have given such a speech, if presidential aides had not first assured him that it was fine, even desirable.
President Obama, expanding his push to curtail severe penalties in drug cases, on Thursday commuted the sentences of eight federal inmates who were convicted of crack cocaine offenses.
It specifically bars candidates for Myanmar's presidency and vice presidency from having close family members who owe allegiance to a foreign power.
The president's remarks come as the country has begun grappling with the deadlock over Ms Aung San Suu Kyi's possible candidacy.
If MsAung San Suu Kyi wants to qualify for president, her two sons must apply for Burmese citizenship and give up foreign citizenship.
Some of the surveillance relates to issues that are being scrutinized by President Obama and a panel he appointed in Washington.
Mr.Putin clearly sees as the prestige project of his presidency, allocating tens of billions of dollars to staging what he hopes will be a spectacle.
As the president of the Islamic Republic of Iran, I state that the Islamic republic system is very seriously determined to solve the nuclear issue.
He asked how Rouhani would handle the nuclear issue compared with his predecessors, arguing that the enrichment centrifuges were not worth the economic cost.
President Park Geun-hye has kept off her own air-conditioning even when she hosted foreign guests, including Mark Zuckerberg, the chief executive of Facebook.
Many investors and traders remain spooked by political dramas, a coup plot last year and by an authoritarian president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
President Obama is even less likely to go through with a visit to Moscow this fall after Russia's decision on Thursday to grant Snowden temporary asylum.
For Mr. Obama, though, the Snowden affair is only one of myriad reasons to beg off the scheduled meeting with President Putin.
The priority, Obama said, should be spending for infrastructure, education, clean energy, science, research and other domestic initiatives of the sort he twice campaigned on.
This set off protests that condemned the verdict as part of a campaign by President Vladimir V.Putin to corral the opposition and block the rise of a popular challenger.
The United States and its allies are urging the United Nations Security Council to pass stronger sanctions against the North Korea.
The United States says the system is intended to shield South Korea and American military bases there from North Korean missiles.
He said in a lengthy news conference that he would not negotiate over the essential act of raising the nation’s debt limit. 
And the list goes on and on of people, of innocent Americans who have fallen victim to the reality that we can’t sit down and talk like grown-ups.
This plan is showing a new modesty and a narrower vision than the one rejected by American voters in the 2012 presidential campaign.
Senior American officials say that Mr. Snowden's disclosures have had a broader impact on national security in general, including counterterrorism efforts.
When the United States tried to capture a powerful militant in Somalia last weekend, they did not go after the leader of the Shabab extremist group, but a Kenyan.
Mr. Obama said that groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State know that they cannot defeat a nation such as the United States.
The groups' attacks are intended to cause fear that leads Americans to turn on one another and change who we are or how we live.
We waged this battle to make sure that Americans in the wealthiest nation have the same chance to get the same security of affordable.
A man claiming to be a naturalized American citizen said that he has been held in North Korea since October on charges of spying for the South Korea.
As we have said, speaking publicly about specific purported cases of detained Americans can complicate our tireless efforts to secure their freedom.
A United States Army medic standing guard at the base, David, had expected the men from SEAL Team 2 to put a stop to the abuse.
Separately, an Afghan detained with the man who died provided a detailed account of mistreatment by American troops and Afghan militiamen in an interview with The New York Times.
He noted that the great virtue of the United States was its openness to people from all races, creeds and nationalities.
The latest missile test came two days after the United States and South Korea kicked off one of their annual joint military exercises.
They decide to deploy the American-built Terminal High Altitude Area Defense battery in the South Korea by the end of next year.
He added that the death penalty was still in use in India and the United States, two countries from which Pakistanis are often loath to accept lectures.
In its commentary, Xinhua embellished its call for a new reserve currency with a scathing indictment of the United States’ broader role in the world.
The latest diplomatic backlash against the National Security Agency’s wide surveillance net and another example of how disclosures about the program have strained relations.
This is a way of assuring foreign countries that their own citizens, if targeted for surveillance, will enjoy at least some protections under American law.
The report also said the United States should get out of the business of secretly buying or searching for flaws in common computer programs and using them for mounting cyberattacks.
It was critical to the cyberattacks that the United States and Israel launched on Iran in an effort to slow its nuclear program.
A federal district judge ruled that the National Security Agency program that is systematically keeping records of all Americans' phone calls most likely violates the Constitution.
A secret program authorized by a secret court was, when exposed to the light of day, found to violate Americans' rights.
In an interview on Monday, he said he was seeking to turn the case into a class action on behalf of all Americans.
The surveillance court has maintained that the 1979 decision is a controlling precedent that shields the NSA call data program from Fourth Amendment review.
Analysts say at least 1,200 European Muslims have gone to Syria since the start of the war to join the fight, and dozens of Americans.
The revelation of the CIA's derogatory report comes as Congress is examining the process of granting security clearances, particularly by USIS. 
Mr. Biden's statement captured the strategic complexities for the United States in the tense showdown between Japan and China over disputed claims in the East China Sea.
Automakers around the world have long been under heavy pressure to reduce tailpipe pollution, starting in the United States in the 1960s.
The carrier in the South China Sea was more accessible to American surveillance than at its home port in the northern city of Qingdao.
On the American side, some military officers argue that the kind of surveillance that occurred between the United States and the Soviet Union was healthy.
The foreign secretary, Sujatha Singh, summoned the American ambassador to India, Nancy J.Powell, and lodged a strong protest at the unacceptable treatment of the diplomat.
They said their action followed the same search procedures as other USMS arrestees held within the general prisoner population in the Southern District of New York.
But a year and a half long diplomatic drive by the United States to stop the flow has so far failed.
With the deepest and most liquid financial markets, when risk rises, the flight to safety and to quality brings investors to U.S.markets.
It could basically be in Europe, it could be in the United States, or it could be a series of combined attacks.
This time, nature tipped its hat, and Diana Nyad finally conquered the 110-mile passage from Cuba to Florida that had bedeviled her for 35 years.
But the United States and its allies have said they will resume the talks only if the North agrees to eventually give up its nuclear arsenal.
The trip comes as the president and his advisers are trying to convince Congress to pass a measure formally authorizing a punitive strike.
Legislation was approved to allow immigrants who were brought here illegally as minors to obtain law licenses, with just three opposing votes.
My friends in the U.S. could not seem to fathom it and my Beijing friends seemed used to it, even numb.
The United States and its allies have said they would resume the talks only if the North agreed to eventually give up its nuclear arsenal.
The re-emergence of steam at the plant could well be designed to try to force the United States and its allies into talks in the hopes of winning economic aid.
He declared that the United States would use all of its levers of power, including military force, to defend its interests.
Mr.Obama embraced a diplomatic opening to Iran, saying he had instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to begin high-level negotiations on its nuclear program.
Neither a hard sell nor soft persuasion has yet induced President Hamid Karzai to go along with the American-imposed timeline for the agreement.
In 2009 the American author Ken Ballen devoted an entire chapter to a glowing portrait of him in his book Terrorists in Love.
It included a Honduran son, Joseph, who is 9 and in treatment for an eye disease, and her younger children who are American-born citizens.
Fans of Florida State and Auburn scrambled to find their way to Pasadena, Calif., for college football's national championship game at the Rose Bowl on Monday night.
Soon after his arrest, Mr.Chen told detectives that everyone seems to be doing better than him since he arrived in the United States in 2004, according to the police.
Mr.Rodman said he was not trying to use his friendship with Mr Kim to win the release of Kenneth Bae, an American missionary.
He made no secret of his deep reluctance to use American power in long, drawn out conflicts where national interests were remote and allies were missing.
The bigger risk for the world in coming years is not that the United States will try to build empires abroad.
The next round of talks would be held in the Middle East and would be managed for the United States side by Mr.Indyk.
North Korea could increase production of weapons-grade fuel, even as it says it wants to relax tensions with South Korea and the United States.
At least four men, suspected of being Al Qaeda members, were killed in what was described as an American drone strike.
The State Department warned American citizens of the high security threat level in Yemen due to terrorist activities and civil unrest.
The America is searching the contents of vast amounts of Americans’ e-mail and text communications into and out of the country.
They continue the discussions on how to bring North Korea back to the negotiations under the terms set down by Washington and its allies.
He allowed him to walk free out of a Moscow airport transit zone despite the risk of a breach in relations with the United States.
Mr. Putin met with the president of Tajikistan, in part to discuss the impact of the American withdrawal from Afghanistan next year.
This is the first time that any American president has canceled a publicly announced presidential visit in Russia since the end of the cold war.
Michelle Meyer, senior United States economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch said the Fed would have a lot of information.
That may be less than 3 percent of the nation’s $16 trillion in annual output, but it’s larger than the entire economy of dozens of countries.
America's failure to consult with people made it harder to defend the contentious deployment of nuclear-tipped cruise missiles on British soil.
During a routine servicing of nuclear weapons, a technician discovered that a British key could also turn the lock on American nuclear weapons.
As President Obama made the case on Wednesday about how the American economy was improving, he went off script to underscore how significant the challenges were that remained.
The number of immigrants in New York City is the largest population of its kind in any city in the United State.
The growth is largely attributable to the aging of the people who arrived in the United States during the 1980s and 1990s.
The new disclosures add to the growing body of knowledge in recent months about the N.S.A.’s access to and use of private information concerning Americans. 
There will be a day when Uncle Sam busts his borrowing limit while the groaning U.S. economy drifting far beyond redemption.
He received the harshest punishment of any American detained there since November 2012, when Kenneth Bae, an American missionary of Korean descent, was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor.
He is the most senior North Korean diplomat to flee the secretive nation since Jang Seung-gil, the ambassador to Egypt, defected to the United States in 1997.
It was important to make people feel that any added American troops wouldn’t appear to be permanently stationed in the country.
For this reason, and perhaps because of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and the NATO intervention in Libya against Moammar Gadhafi, it appears to earnestly fear a US invasion.
It was also leaked by Mr. Snowden, formally asking for permission to perform the analysis on American phone and e-mail data.
Specifically the panel of five intelligence and legal experts recommended that Mr.Obama restructure a program in which the N.S.A.systematically collects logs of all American phone calls.
The court, which oversees national security surveillance inside the United States, has been criticized because it hears arguments only from the Justice Department without adversarial lawyers to raise opposing views.
Promoted by influential gay Americans like the writer Dan Savage and the group Queer Nation, the vodka boycott had good intentions. 
Snowden included thousands of newsletter items in the huge archive of NSA documents he disclosed about the agency's programs and operations.
This account of the events at Kalach, in southern Afghanistan’s Oruzgan Province, and how the Navy handled them is based on interviews with dozens of current and former military personnel.
Iran's president bluntly told a gathering of former United States diplomats and Iran scholars that he would never give up his country’s right to enrich uranium.
As his chief of staff did what previously would have been unthinkable, Iran's president met with a dozen influential American business leaders.
When a number of prominent Americans, outraged by what they saw as a rising tide of state-sponsored homophobia in Russia, called for a boycott of Stolichnaya vodka this summer.
An improvised device exploded in a garbage can near the course of a charity race to benefit the United States Marine Corps.
Perhaps we have not completely understood the American Constitution, and the effective power of the president is not as strong as we believed.
It may be several years before the U.S. could develop technology that would make it unnecessary to amass that data in its own storage sites.
And the decision to revise the limits concerning Americans was made in secret, without review by the nation’s intelligence court or any public debate.
The Hong Kong partners sought to invest the proceeds from the sale in Bank of America buildings in San Francisco and New York. 
In reality, the dollar now appears to be following the prospects of tighter monetary policy in the US relative to other countries. 
In any event, the Riga Stolichnaya factory says its vodka business, 60 percent of which is in the United States, has not yet been hurt by the boycott.
I don’t think it takes a social scientist to understand that the general tenor of American society right now is that we’re all wound up pretty tight.
Now I thought, and in fact advised Edward Snowden, that he would be safest in Moscow, Assange told the news program Democracy Now.
A 2008 United States diplomatic cable made public by WikiLeaks offered a rare insight into Mr. Thaksin’s perception of his relationship with the king.
To get more accurate information about firearm deaths, researchers have pushed for the expansion of the National Violent Death Reporting System.
Turks have blamed the United States and Western allies for huge street protests, a corruption scandal and this summer’s failed military coup.
It was sold to Vornado Realty Trust, now the owner of a 70 percent interest in the Bank of America buildings.
It allows for the collection of the data of Americans if at least one end of the communication is believed to be foreign.
It also argues in favor of codifying and publicly announcing the steps the U.S. will take to protect the privacy of foreign citizens.
He has defended the size of his penis, and suggested gun owners might take matters into their hands should Clinton come to power.
He said that he would bar anyone from parts of the world where terrorism breeds from entering the United States. 
Nuclear experts in the United States reported last month that satellite photographs indicated that North Korea had restarted the five-megawatt reactor.
Potential recruits might be deterred if they come to worry about the security of their communications with the militant group coming from America. 
If I go back to U.S.A, I will tell the true features of the D.P.R.K.and the life the Korean people are leading.
For the moment, however, Mr. Putin seemed to gain the upper hand over Europe and the United States in their contest for Ukraine.
While the rest of the world braced for the possibility of an American default that could set off a global financial disaster.
The result has been a one-dimensional confrontation with the USA, Daniel Domscheit-Berg, who before quitting WikiLeaks in 2010 was one of Assange’s closest partners, has said.
The United States closed two large bases and four small ones in the Philippines in 1991 and 1992, under pressure from them.
Guan, even if his older rival, coming off five PGA Tour events in the United States, would still be considered the heavy favorite.
That TV station now re-branded simply as RT and known for its jaundiced view of the United States and other Western countries.
The United States directs the military's 6-year-old Cyber Command for the first time to mount computer-network attacks in the Islamic State.
Gun Owners of America says on its website that children are 130 percent more likely to die from choking on their dinner than from accidental shootings.
American Sugar Refining said that its Tate & Lyle unit had bought only two small shipments over the years from Cambodia.
The American military has expanded the mandate for SEALs, sometimes assigning them roles for which they are neither suited nor trained.
The United States might no longer have the financial ability, or even the will, to maintain its dominant military position in the Asia-Pacific.
The United States always had important differences with the Saudis, including on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the spread of fundamentalist strains of Islam.
American carriers teach crew members to speak up if they sense a problem, even if the pilot at the controls has seniority, and to listen to subordinates.
The National Security Agency has been exploiting its huge collections of data to create sophisticated graphs of some Americans’ social connections.
Mr.Obama commissioned in August in response to the mounting furor over revelations by Edward J.Snowden, a former N.S.A.contractor, of the agency’s surveillance practices.
N.S.A. would have set the table on fire from slamming it so many times in denouncing the damage the leaks had caused.
The United States used torture to interrogate our enemies and detained individuals in a way that ran counter to the rule of law.
Separately, WikiLeaks announced that it would soon release some of the crown jewels of American intelligence a pristine set of cyberspying codes.
In an interview two months ago, he suggested that a major cutback in American spying on foreign nationals would be naive.
Ending more than a month of captivity in North Korea, an 85-year-old American veteran returned to the United States on Saturday.
Early in the young Mr. Kim’s tenure, American intelligence assessments questioned whether he would have the staying power to remain in office.
The total global arms trade revenue in 2012 was estimated to be $73.5 billion, and the United States had a 39 percent share, according to IHS Jane’s.
The bad news is they’ve only extended the debt ceiling for six weeks, which will continue to generate huge amounts of destructive uncertainty in the economy.
Politicians in Washington have done nothing substantial but postponing once again the final bankruptcy of global confidence in the U.S. financial system.
The East Coast states have for more than 15 years been subject to stricter air pollution requirements than many other parts of the country. 
The next month, Assange was arrested by the London police to face questioning by the Swedes, who he feared would turn him over to the Americans.
N.S.A. analysts were told that they could trace the contacts of Americans as long as they cited a foreign intelligence justification.
The agency continues to deploy staff members at the nation’s ports to inspect some of the millions of pounds of food that come in each day from abroad.
Concerns about the United States as a borrower may have a much longer and deeper effect than the shutdown, analysts say.
After the attack, Mr.Assad was clearly bracing for an American strike, with the military moving key units and the capital largely emptied out.
Children shot accidentally are collateral casualties of the accessibility of guns in America, their deaths all the more devastating for being eminently preventable.
For years, Turkey’s military had relied on NATO-supplied Patriot missiles, built by the American companies Raytheon and Lockheed Martin, to defend its skies.
A major contender for Turkey’s air defense is the Patriot missile system, which in its latest iteration is produced by the American defense contractors Raytheon and Lockheed Martin.
But when Mr.Zalitis wrote an open letter suggesting that Americans behind the vodka boycott reconsider their Dump Stoli campaign, Queer Nation fired off a tart response.
But that has not dissuaded people curious about the country’s hermetic society and the population’s fealty to the Kim family, which has ruled North Korea since its founding.
In addition, it is hard for Clinton to replicate the deep personal affection and pride that many African-Americans feel for Obama.
In addition to describing misconduct by the SEALs, villagers complained that the Americans had empowered the local militia to act with impunity.
Because of concerns about infringing on the privacy of American citizens, the computer analysis of such data had previously been permitted only for foreigners.
In recent years, North Korea has detained several Americans, usually agreeing to let them go only after high-profile American figures visited Pyongyang to seek their release.
The ability to insert back doors in American hardware or software, or purchase previously unknown flaws in software that it can use to conduct cyberattacks.
And they are assembled by the National Center for Health Statistics, a division of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The report’s authors made clear that they were weighing the N.S.A.’s surveillance requirements against other priorities like constitutional protections for privacy and economic considerations for American businesses.
Mr. Biden said he had offered Mr. Newman a ride back to the United States on Air Force Two, but that he had decided to fly home directly.
Mr.Assadullah said three Americans and an Afghan militia commander had interrogated him three times, for up to 10 minutes each time.
In exchange for relinquishing his chemical arsenal, Mr.Assad said Thursday, he will require that the United States stop arming the Syrian opposition.
When Hillary visited the country in 2011 as the secretary of state, Ms.Yingluck said in English she wanted to overcome the secretary instead of welcome her.
When Hillary Rodham Clinton visited the country in 2011 as the secretary of state, Ms.Yingluck said in English she wanted to overcome the secretary instead of welcome her.
In 1983, Mr.Reagan invaded Grenada without Congressional approval, citing the formal request of five neighboring Caribbean states and the need to protect Americans on the island.
That is due to the stance Mr Duterte has taken towards the US and due to his controversial approach to the Philippines’ drug problem.
Since the financial crisis, low inflation has been a problem everywhere, from the US to the eurozone to the UK. 
Not so long ago the US president was declaring that Islam hates us and signing directives to bar travelers from several Muslim-majority countries.
In recent years a surge of acquisitions has made Dalian Wanda the world’s biggest owner of movie theaters, with complexes across the United States, Europe and Australia.
He acquired Competitor Group Inc. and transformed the American-based Ironman company into one of the largest endurance sports organizations in the world.
But the installation of a US anti-missile system has caused relations between Beijing and Seoul to turn acrimonious in recent months.
But Manila has not repudiated its 1951 mutual defence pact with the US or a visiting forces agreement between the nations.
Although IBM’s Deep Blue Computer beat the chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997, advancements in cracking Go have been more difficult.
This act took place in an era when African Americans could be arrested and face severe retribution for committing the most trivial acts of defiance.
The roots of my family tree are in Africa,the first lady told the cheering crowd. My husband’s father was born and raised in Kenya.
The practice of referring to such a blend as English breakfast tea appears to have originated not in England but America, as far back as Colonial times.
Sai Zhenzhu's novel,The Good Earth, was the best-selling fiction book in the U.S. in 1931 and 1932, and won the Pulitzer Prize in 1932. 
In the Southern United States, people traditionally prepare a meal of collard greens, black-eyed peas and pork for a year of good luck. 
In America, it is okay, even desirable, to be thin but it is a sin and a huge embarrassment to be overweight. 
He wanted to land a man on the moon and return him safely to earth so as to restore faith in the American way of life.
Brazil passed the United States in 2014 as the top country for several cosmetic surgery operations, according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery.
As I was 17 years old, I went from being the Asian kid in America to being an American kid in China.
And the first shipment from the new house of Schiaparelli was on its way to the United States.   
And here I am an American kid in Asia, listening to Chinese music for the first time and thinking this stuff is lamb.
Americans very much mind their weight and rarely disclose how much they weigh, even if they are thin and in great shape. 
American fast foods such as pizza, hamburgers and fried chicken have to some extent displaced the traditional fast food of fish and chips.
If you look at the year 1800, some 74% of all Americans were farmers, whereas by 1900 this figure was down to 31%. 
The agreement between the United States and Russia ended weeks of tension over the possibility of an imminent American military strike.
Much that he may have stolen has disappeared into the secondary market for antique silver either in the United States or Europe.
With cellphone cameras ubiquitous and many Americans giving in to the urge to document even the most intimate aspects of their lives. 
To those on the right, he asked them to reconcile their commitment to America’s military might with a failure to act now.
Some said it would allow Syria to play for time and was calculated to undermine the drive for Congressional and international support for a strike.
The United States and Russia agreed on a plan to identify and purge those weapons from the country by the middle of next year.
Korean Peninsula was divided into the Communist North and the pro-American South at the end of World War II in 1945.
But France and the United States previously insisted that Iran first make clear that it supports the goal of the meeting.
Standing alongside our partners at the N.B.A., we do not condone the basketball activities to be conducted in North Korea this week.
The American then led a group of retired National Basketball Association players to a 47-39 loss to a North Korean squad in the first half of the exhibition game.
Yet Rodman became enraged when asked about my brother, the American tour operator Kenneth Bae, who is sick and has been imprisoned in the dprk for 14 months.
It is important that we put forward an upbeat, positive proposal, so the American people know there is an alternative. 
Israeli spies, including Jonathan Jay Pollard, who was sentenced in 1987 to life in prison for passing intelligence information to Israel, have often operated in the United States.
The commission has broad authority over local and foreign companies, and it has punished a number of American companies, including Microsoft and Intel, with heavy fines for hampering fair competition.
Ms.Hansen said that it was already engaged in talks with the United States that were needed to restore trust and confidence in the trans-Atlantic relationship. 
Thay are critical to providing policy makers with the information they need to make informed decisions that are in the best interest of our national security.
Immigrants from Taishan settled in Chinatowns in the United States and other countries, mostly taking low-wage jobs in restaurants, laundromats and convenience stores.
It means that there is a reasonable and explicable suspicion about the existence of an individual with an American telephone number.
The choices he makes in the next few weeks may well define America’s approach to national security long after his term is over.
The emergence of a post-American Middle East in which no broker has the power, or the will, to contain the region’s sectarian hatreds.
The U.S. also needs to rely on cyberwarfare command for more time in its fight against Iran and other longtime rivals.
A United States Coast Guard icebreaker has been making its way toward the two ships, but was still several days away.
The move is widely seen as a deliberate attempt by China to cooperate with the us navy in an important international operation.
As with the divisions of the red and blue states of the United States, Thailand’s geographical divides have become even sharper as the crisis has continued.
The American vessel, the Cape Ray, will receive the chemical weapons from Syria at an unnamed port in Italy from Danish and Norwegian ships.
An American military helicopter crashed on the coast of eastern England on Tuesday, and all four people aboard were believed to have been killed.
He stayed away from the opening of a military museum featuring the USS Pueblo, an American Navy ship captured by North Korea in 1968.
It is not only for its daring, but because of what it said about race relations in the newly desegregated military.
He repeatedly suggested openness to direct talks with the United States, an idea that until recently had been unthinkable for many years.
He said the interests of one foreign country had been imposed on Congress, and that even the interests of the US are not considered in such actions. 
Rouhani's repeated mention of direct negotiations with the United States made clear that Iran is no longer ideologically opposed to such talks.
Zarif was educated in the United States, where he spent many years, and is widely seen as Rouhani's main adviser on foreign policy.
The award comes against a backdrop of heightening tensions between the US and North Korea over Pyongyang’s nuclear weapons program. 
In June 1956 a TWA Constellation collided with a United Air Lines over the Grand Canyon in Arizona, killing all 128 people on both aircraft.
Kenneth Jarrett, head of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, thinks that the law's far-reaching restrictions could harm both foreign firms and cross-border trade.
This push has already led Microsoft, an American software giant, to enter into a local joint venture and reveal its source code to officials.
In America, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced this week that it would create a cyber unit, which, among other things, will tackle misconduct in digital currencies. 
Indeed, some analysts said the reaction of other nations, and particularly the United States, might be the biggest constraint on whether Mr.Abe seeks to revise the Constitution.
When Mr. Snowden first applied for asylum in Russia, Mr. Putin appeared to be trying to walk a fine line with the United States.
Mr. Rouhani said that interactions with the world, meaning talks with Europe and potentially the United States, were a way out of the crisis.
Washington is being hypocritical in complaining about Russian actions while seeking to prosecute a whistle-blower who exposed American surveillance programs to the public.
Mr. Snowden initially fled to Hong Kong and was then allowed on a plane to Moscow despite an American request for his arrest.
If they do cancel that part of the summit, that's unprecedented since the collapse of the Soviet Union from the American side.
Many are now going to Europe, where care at top hospitals frequently costs a fraction of what is charged in America.
What you really want in an ambassador is someone who can get the president of the United States on the phone.
Americans’ communications singled out for further analysis are handled in accordance with minimization rules to protect privacy approved by the surveillance court.
While the paragraph hinting at the surveillance has attracted little attention, the American Civil Liberties Union in a June 21 post analyzing the larger set of rules.
Urveillance could be valuable in identifying previously unknown terrorists or spies inside the United States who unwittingly reveal themselves to the agency by discussing a foreign-intelligence indicator.
President Obama was worried that years of widening income inequality and the lingering effects of the financial crisis had frayed the country’s social fabric and undermined Americans’ belief in opportunity.
A few days after the acquittal in the Trayvon Martin case prompted Obama to speak about being a black man in America.
Kathryn is an American expert and the head of the department of nuclear engineering and radiation health physics at Oregon State University.
The cheapest one over $440, more than six times the price of a similarly made item at Ikea in the United States.
Mr. Marino spent nearly 20 years of his career as a doctor in the United States before returning to Rome in 2006.
One piece offers subsidies to farmers and the other offers nutritional aid to Americans in distress, mainly in the form of food stamps.
Some of channels15 miles long and 100 feet deep, that were built two thousand years ago by the pastoralists who settled this inhospitable corner of China’s far western Xinjiang region.
Shandong is China’s leading producer of chickens, but traces of damage to the birds, like broken limbs or blood clots in the meat, have hurt exports.
China is the world’s second leading producer of broiler meat, after the United States, producing 13.4 million tons last year, according to the United States Department of Agriculture.
He bribed residents to collect sensitive data about the North's military and its nuclear program and smuggled the information into China or South Korea.
Isaac Stern’s dedication to training young musicians was perhaps most vividly captured in the 1979 documentary “From Mao to Mozart: Isaac Stern in China.” 
He said in another post that the resolution agreed to by the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France would be binding and enforceable.
The entire 15-member Security Council began to discuss the Syria resolution that was agreed to by the United States, Russia, Britain, France and China on Thursday evening.
Beijing’s alarm is understandable, given that it is the world’s largest investor in American public debt, with at least $1.3 trillion in holdings.
Despite its efforts to steer its economy away from exports and toward domestic demand, China generates billions of dollars of excess cash that it needs to park somewhere.
In March 2008, the leader of China’s central bank, Zhou Xiaochuan, proposed creating a new supersovereign currency that would diminish the importance of any individual national currency.
Analysts estimate that 60 percent of China’s $3.66 trillion in reserves are still in dollar-denominated debt, though the precise numbers are a secret.
At the behest of its exporters, it continues to artificially depress its exchange rate, which it does by using its export earnings to buy dollars and other foreign currencies.
Those topics dominated China’s national psyche this year, if Internet searches are any indication, according to a year end review by Baidu, the country’s most popular search engine.
While not a formal survey, the results are a snapshot into the thinking of China’s more than 668 million Internet users.
China, Mr. Biden said, was trying to unilaterally change the status in the East China Sea, with an air defense identification zone.
He said both countries reaffirmed that they would not alter any joint military operations because of China's air defense identification zone.
Rory, director of the International Security Program at the Lowy Institute for International Policy in Sydney, argues that China miscalculated the condition.
In the form of a $125 million loan agreement, China provides Albania with food, raw materials, technical assistance and equipment, and cash.
In her best-selling memoir, Jung Chang wrote of a young man whose large, somewhat un-Chinese nose earned him the nickname Al, for Albanian.
Ties between the two countries began to deteriorate in the 1970s, particularly as China began to make overtures to restore relations with the United States.
The dream of the Chinese people across thousands of  years of landing on the moon has finally been realized with Chang'e.
By successfully joining the international deep-space exploration club, we finally have the right to share the resources on the moon with developed countries.
With its Chang'e-3 probe successfully landed on the moon, China has announced details of the next phase of its lunar exploration program.
China is becoming only the third nation after the Soviet Union and the United States to carry out a successful soft landing on the moon.
The obstacles that must be overcome before a return probe could be launched would be even greater than those faced by China's previous lunar missions.
Li Shufu mentioned that questions have been raised in China about whether Volvo can continue to invest very heavily in research and development given its modest profits.
The red lines shows where the Chinese aircraft carrier was traveling, and where its accompanying ships were in relation to the carrier and to the Cowpens.
A blue line shows the Cowpens making an abrupt turn close to the red line that indicates the accompanying Chinese ships.
According to the Global Times account that the American captain contacted the Chinese captain and both sides left the area after simple exchanges.
Mr.Goldstein said one of China’s preconditions for improved military relations with the United States was a halt to American surveillance activities at sea and in the air.
The Chinese interpret the surveillance as hostile, and as an example of what they call a cold war mind-set by the United States toward China.
His extended family in the United States now numbers in the scores, many of them living in the Chinese enclaves of New York City.
Now the second-largest foreign-born group in the city, Chinese are on the verge of overtaking immigrants from the Dominican Republic for the top spot.
The evolution of the Chinese diaspora is one of the stories of New York explored in a new report by the City Planning Department. 
China was also the single largest source of legally admitted immigrants in New York City from 2002 to 2011, with more than 40 percent of them granted asylum.
It was just the latest case of the whirlwind rush to judgment and a tendency to stake out extremes frequently seen in Chinese cyberspace.
Educators, politicians and diplomats from China and Albania gathered last week to celebrate the opening of a new Confucius Institute at the University of Tirana.
Less than a half-century ago, in the 1960s and early 1970s, China and Albania were close allies at a time when neither country could lay claim to many friends.
By December 1960, China and Albania found themselves aligned not only ideologically against what they called the Soviet revisionists, but strategically as well.
An alliance with China represented an opportunity to shake off Soviet control and it come under the wing of a new protector state.
For Mao Zedong and the Chinese leadership, it was a chance to stake out a beachhead in Europe from which to challenge Moscow's dominance in Eastern Europe.
Environmentalists and researchers have pointed a finger firmly at China's ravenous appetite for ivory as the main cause for what is now widely described as a crisis.
On Monday, however, the Chinese authorities received widespread plaudits when, in a first for the country, they destroyed more than six tons of confiscated ivory ornaments and tusks in Dongguan.
It's a courageous and critical first step by China to elevate the important issue of wildlife trafficking and elephant poaching among its citizens and around the world.
Mr.Bergin said that China, as the largest market for ivory in the world, has a very important role to play in helping end the elephant slaughter in Africa.
Rising affluence and more open trade links between China and the rest of the world have fueled demand for scarce natural resources.
Patchy enforcement and muddled messaging on the part of the Chinese authorities, he reported, also have made it hard to combat the trade and diminish demand.
There is no official data on how much seized ivory China has, but the Wildlife Conservation Society said on Monday that it was likely well over 45 tons.
The vessel was escorted by Danish and Norwegian naval vessels, the statement said, and China and Russia were providing further maritime security for the operation.
It's set in motion, the cousin told the police, by his sense of failure to find the security, stability and family all newcomers to Brooklyn's Chinatown seek.
His family, and Mr.Zhuo's, had borrowed tens of thousands of dollars from relatives and friends for Chinese smuggling rings, known as snakeheads, to sneak their sons into New York City.
After he struggled to find a wife in New York, his mother set him up with a friend's daughter in China, Ms.Li.
China, which has been gradually opening up its financial system, is about to let foreign hedge funds stick a small toe in.
Regulators in the city of Shanghai have agreed to let a group of American and British hedge funds operate in China as part of a pilot program.
The Man Group, based in London, is the only one of the six funds to confirm that it has been chosen by Chinese authorities.
One of those pieces is China's currency, the renminbi, which is carefully controlled and trades within a tight band against the dollar.
China's biggest banks have stepped in to fill space, selling wealth management products that offer clients higher rates than bank deposits.
He said at a news conference in Beijing that eight million acres of China’s farmland, equal to the size of Maryland.
Since China’s household registration system makes it difficult for them to relocate to other areas, there is a sense of fatalism, and they accept whatever comes their way.
The huai river, which runs through several provinces in central China, is polluted and has a direct link to the cancer of the people on the coast.
The State Council, China’s cabinet, announced that it would set up systems to comprehensively monitor soil pollution by 2015 and promote pilot projects for treatment.
With awareness rising of China’s severe environmental degradation, there has been a surge of anxiety in the last year among ordinary Chinese.
China has increased pressure on the North Korea to modify its behavior and return to talks about its nuclear program’s future.
China is attempting to alter the status quo by force in the skies and seas of the East China Sea and South China Sea and other areas.
China’s investment has been heaviest in fighter planes, which include traditional and stealth versions, as well as in jet engines. 
China’s agreement with Turkey to sell it more than $3 billion worth of air-defense missile systems may soon run into a deal-breaker, the United States Congress.
China had said it expected to set up other air defense zones, and experts said they expected one to cover that sea.
China’s attempt to police additional airspace over the East China Sea has highlighted a potentially volatile dispute between China and South Korea.
China has all long and continues to support a united, prosperous and stable European Union, support a strong Euro, and support European integration process.
China even signed up Greg Norman, a former world No.1, to help develop a national team that could win Olympic medals.
Two fighter jets made by Chinese companies are being closely watched by industry analysts and foreign companies for their export potential.
China Labor Watch released a report claiming that Pegatron was violating Chinese laws and Apple’s own social responsibility code of conduct.
China’s rapid military expansion as well as North Korea’s growing nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities as major causes of this shifting balance.
China Precision is also subject to sanctions from the United States for selling technologies that the United States says could help Iran, Syria and North Korea develop unconventional weapons.
China becomes increasingly assertive in claiming islands, airspace and large expanses of ocean in the East China Sea and South China Sea.
China’s military exports do no harm to peace, security and stability, and do not interfere with the internal affairs of recipient countries.
China has such large holdings of U.S. debt that if it cuts those holdings, then that in turn leads to another fall in their value.
China kept sending vessels to assert ever more control over islets, coral atolls and even semi-submerged rocks in the South China Sea.
These problems include from the Chinese claiming portions of the South China Sea to increasing Russian threats against former Soviet states.
It is the best-known Chinese drone export, which sells for about $1 million, less than similar American and Israeli drone models.
This serious article has been turned into a defense of China's air pollution by some people, adding that they were turning the Internet into a world of amusement.
China's economic performance in the past few years should suffice to put predictions of a hard landing to a full stop.
The pair had a cub in 2005, who now lives at the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda in the Wolong National Nature Reserve in Sichuan Province.
The sale was especially unusual because the Chinese missile defense system, known as the HQ-9, would be difficult to integrate with existing NATO equipment.
The expansion is about shoring up a resort that Disney is counting on to act as an engine in Southeast China for its broader portfolio of merchandise and movies.
The execution not only sent a worrisome message about Kim Jong-un, but should also severely embarrass China, North Korea’s closest ally.
On Friday, 104 cities in 20 provinces had readings that exceeded 300 on China's air quality index, making them heavily polluted.
Families of prospective grooms in China often save money for years to buy a home for a couple before they marry to give them financial stability.
After 5 hours of meetings, in which Mr.Biden laid out the American case against China's action and Mr.Xi made a forceful counterargument. 
A stick-and-ball game played by the elites during the Song dynasty nearly a millennium ago is the actual precursor to golf.
The company has gone to great lengths in the past year to improve conditions at the manufacturing facilities that produce Apple products in China.
It is not uncommon for customers to overcome weaknesses in Chinese manufacturing by buying Chinese platforms and outfitting them with better Western equipment.
With Guan, Ye and the pack of prodigies on the horizon, the future of golf already seems to be tilting toward China.
Instead, Chinese workers sewed the goods which had been ordered by the Quaker Pet Group, a company based in New Jersey at a rogue factory.
Making it harder to combat the spread of HIV via sex among the young is the lack of sex education in Chinese schools.
As a result, the number of golf courses in China has grown to some 600 today from 170 in 2004, with 1,000 projected by 2020.
