which one is the most popular team tour?
are there any sales promotion activities recently?
do you have any flights to beijing recently?
do you have tour groups to china recently?
do you have any discounted air tickets recently?
are there any discounts for tourist places recently?
are there any special offers for tour groups to china recently?
what flights to china are there recently?
are there any special offers for hawaii tours recently?
what's the nearest hotel?
is the accommodation fee included for group tour?
how much does it cost to rent a car for self-driving travel for three days?
is there a time limit for the independent travel package?
what car models are there for self-driving road trips?
what packages are included in the self-driving travel?
can we live in a five-star hotel?
are there any interesting places around?
which one is a good place for the short trip on weekend?
are there any hotels with one night charged and one night for free here?
can i book the ticket of this scenic spot now?
how much is the ticket for this scenic spot?
to go traveling to china in this season is pretty good.
do we need tickets to enter this park?
is there any discount for children tickets of this scenic area?
the tour guide who received me this time had a very bad attitude.
how to choose a ticket of the lower berth?
how to apply for visas rapidly?
how to rent a car smoothly for traveling abroad?
how can i buy the breakfast coupon of disneyland hotel?
how to take part in the travel to new york by group-buying?
how to cancel casualty insurance of the train ticket?
how can i get the boarding pass?
how can i make sure the order is successful?
how to return the car that rented for self-drive in sydney?
is it cost-effective to reserve the group tour to germany online?
book an infant air ticket from sydney to shenzhen.
are there any sales promotions for renting cars?
do you have the special tour guide service?
what independent travel packages can be recommended?
what study tour packages can be recommended?
are there any cheap tour packages?
what self-driving travel itineraries can be recommended?
what group tours can be recommend?
do you have flights from washington to beijing on 14th?
do you have travel packages to hawaii?
are there activities related to manchester holidays?
can i change the boarding date of the ship casually?
which one is the most preferential package?
is there a restricted number of passengers for transport service?
scenic spot tickets group-buying with one yuan is popular recently.
generally, how long does it take to apply for a visa?
a ticket to greece the day after tomorrow is needed.
can student enjoy discounts when buying high-speed rail tickets?
can i buy air tickets by the credit card?
what interesting places are there in hong kong?
are there any sales promotion activities now?
can i buy ticket from guangzhou to seoul on may 2 now?
can i refund the train ticket now?
how much is the infant ticket for a five-month old baby?
what is the phone number of the hotel i booked?
i would like to book the tour package during the mid-autumn festival.
i would like to book two tickets for the imperial palace of beijing next monday.
i want to modify the order of renting car.
i want to modify my order.
i want to buy the gift card that worths fifteen thousand yuan.
i want to modify the password of my membership card.
i want to book a balcony for dinner.
i want to book a three-star hotel in new york, may 4, and the price cannot be more than five hundred yuan.
i will check the flight from british to shanghai.
i will check the flight from lijiang of yunnan to london of british on monday.
i will check the two-way ticket from lijiang to london of british with the departure date of february 1.
i need human service.
i can't modify the check-in time of the hotel.
i want to consult the hotel and tourism business.
i want to consult the hotel and tourism business.
i want to know the reservation way of renting car abroad.
i want to know the hotel in new york that has high cost performance?
i want to know what the travel packages to europe in september are.
i'd like to make a reservation for cruise ship visit of six days.
i'd like to make a reservation for the first class from hefei to new york.
i'd like to reserve a high-grade commercial car.
i'd like to book a ticket to beijing imperiel palace next monday.
i'd like to make a reservation for the flight on 14 from washington to shanghai.
i'd like to make a reservation for 22-day parent-child study travel in australia.
i'd like to make a reservation for the rental car for the road travel from spain to portugal.
i'd like to make a reservation for a short-distance travel package to washington on 8.
i want to choose a more cost-effective package.
i want to modify flight reservation on 21.
i want to refund the ticket, could i?
i want to cancel my reservation of the hotel, could i?
i want to check out one day in advance.
i want to confirm whether my ticket reservation is successful.
i want to go to phuket island on holiday.
i want to rent the car tomorrow and rent for a week.
i want to know the details about renting the car.
i want to know about packages of self-driving travel.
i want to know more about the gift card customization.
i want to know the kinds of travel packages more than 15 days.
i want to know how much the ticket of the yellowstone national park is.
i want to check the total credits of my account.
i want to activate my gift card.
i want to change the flight of china eastern airlines.
i'd like to change the ticket to london.
i'd like to change the ticket from london to wuhan.
i'd like to book a hotel near the station.
i want to check my orders for the last month.
i want to check my orders of hotels with special rate. 
i want to put off my reservation for two days.
i want to change my ticket to 28.
i want to refund student tickets in the order.
i have one thousand accumulated points now and what prize can i exchange?
i'll book china business hotel in hong kong in the evening.
what tourist attractions around us are suitable for traveling?
we have ten people to go traveling in group, so do you have favorable travel packages?
i didn't catch the plane, so can the ticket be refund?
is my order of the ticket to toronto cancelled?
why does everyone like independent travel?
how long should i refund tickets in advance?
i haven't had time to consult the issues about group travel and visa services.
is the service better for the customized group travel?
which travel agency undertakes taiwan holiday tour?
what time is the best time to go on vacation?
what are the independent travel packages during golden week holidays?
how much is the ticket of economy class on 19?
what is the shortest height that can buy the half-price ticket?
can i take the flight if my id card is degaussed?
do three-year old children need to buy cruise tickets if they are with parents?
if he is a foreigner, can he get a visa for others?
if the flight is late, will the due driver still wait for me?
could i return the discount air ticket to sydney?
is there any tour package to taiwan now?
what are the specific fees of 15-days tour to scotland?
which place is better to go on a honey moon?
can you tell me the car rental charge?
could you tell me which hotel nearby has wi-fi?
excuse me, can i change the group tour i booked before?
can you tell me how to check the booked flight?
excuse me. do you have a designated driver at the airport?
does the los angeles airport have the pickup service, please?
what are the levels of the membership card, please?
could you tell me how to get the passport of hong kong, macao and taiwan?
is there any special flight ticket to hawaii, please?
can disney tickets be purchased with a gift card, please?
is there any place to live in university, please?
could you tell me whether there are privileges for disabled army men with military cards to buy a ticket?
please send a taxi to take me to the international hotel.
please pick me up at the airport at 13:00 on march 14.
please have the customer service speak more slowly.
please take a look at first-class tickets on wednesday.
please introduce the gift card business.
please postpone all my orders for a week.
please change my flight into the ferry.
please check my order number of the zoo.
please help me book a good environmentally star hotel in paris.
please help me book a travel package to europe in october.
please help me change the ticket order on friday.
please help me check out what is the specific time of my package tour.
please help me check the ticket price.
please help me take a look at my booked hotel.
please help me with three tickets for tomorrow evening to england.
please give me three tickets to new york for tomorrow evening.
please help me refund the children ticket of the cruise order.
recommend the best route of self-driving tour to me, please.
please help me check my hotel reservations.
where can we play around on valentine's day?
once tickets are sold out, they are not refundable.
how is a rental car charged in new york?
what interesting places are there around new york?
what are the flights from new york to beijing?
are there auto shows in new york during golden week?
how much is the ticket from new york to guangzhou?
hello, i want to complain about guide li.
where do you want to travel to?
do you have any tour groups to macao recently?
is your promotion for flights still on?
what is your telephone number for complaints?
your service is very bad!
can i know this travel route?
which hotels still have promotions on?
what is the cruise route at present?
are there any tickets for the earliest flights to beijing tomorrow?
is there any flight to usa tomorrow?
is there any flight to shanghai for tomorrow?
what are the free items we can enjoy?
please help me check the hotel nearby.
please help me inquire the flights to beijing today.
please help me change the four-day singapore cruise order into seven days.
please check the flight ticket of the business class today.
would you please cancel the hotel i booked before?
how much will it cost for a self-driving tour in london for two days?
can the travel order be changed?
can children under the age of six live with his parents for free in standard rooms?
what are included in the self-driving tours of two days?
how to buy a gift card?
can gift cards be changed into anything?
what time will the promotion of tourism activities on wednesday end?
can you recommend a starred hotel to me?
could you please recommend a good vacational village?
can i have a look at the train timetable on september 7th?
can i inquire the flight to shanghai of the recent five days?
can you help me change the number of free walkers into five?
check whether the four-star hotel on july 4th is full or not.
when will the hotel promotions end?
are there any special flight tickets to australia in september?
how much is the ticket of economy class?
can i book the tickets today and go to play tomorrow?
is the name of the air ticket pinyin or chinese character?
the train is always late.
how to change the reserved number if i gave a wrong one to book train tickets?
how much is the ticket of yellowstone national park?
how can i make the reservation of a car rental service in foreign countries?
what are the packages for free trip over 15 days?
road travel in the national park is very popular recently.
which is the hot route of the international group tours?
what are the preferences for company group travels?
find me a relatively classic free trip abroad.
choose a good place to go to vacation for me!
how much is the high-speed railway ticket?
which is the best hotel nearby?
which vellaies we can go driffting?
are there any free tourist attractions nearby?
are the discount activities that outsiders and members enjoy the same?
are the fees for children and adults the same?
how much is ticket of the zoo?
are there independent tours suitable for winter?
reserve two seats on flight for russia.
when can the money be refunded after the cancellation of order?
when will the promotion activity of three-day tour to dubai end?
are there any discounts and promotions for a travel to china?
is the special air ticket to burma much cheaper than that of the high-speed rail?
how long does it take to fly to beijing?
will a connecting flight be needed to paris?
outbound tourism and shopping is more and more popular.
more and more people choose to travel abroad.
sorry, the order has been cancelled.
what time will the customerised car service of hokkaido airport end?
help me cancel the free tour on friday.
help me have a look at the progress of the visa.
help me have a look at the time of the earliest flight to shenzhen.
help me book ten tickets.
help me book a hotel which is less than five hundred yuan.
help me check the order of my booked hotel.
help me check the level of my membership card.
help me recommend some classical cruise lines, ok?
what does it take for a visa?
does it need any poundage to change the ticket to london to the ticket to england?
which place is the best for a free tour in august?
how much is the seven-day free tour to macao?
how long in advance does it take for a visa for free travel to australia?
are there any flight tickets to beijing on 11th?
the push money for a salesman is very high.
doing a business, you may earn money, but sometimes you may also lose money.
may all our customers make a fortune.
may your business flourishes.
congratulations for your success of this project.
china adopted very flexible policies in foreign trade.
quality is much more important than quantity.
quality and price are equal important to us.
i didn't expect this.
this food flavour is not only safe but also economical.
there is a huge demand of this product now.
the profit of this product is quite high.
the cost of this product is not high.
the ship carries 100 tons of wheat.
are you satisfied with this?
how much should i pay the premium for these goods?
this is the new marketing executive.
this is biggest advantage of our product.
this is our first cooperation with you.
the goods have all been ordered.
the unit price of the goods is 12.50 us dollars.
can you give me an indication of the price for these goods?
there are many degraded products mixed in these goods.
the quality of this shipment is satisfying.
is there a huge difference of the price between the two shipments?
the price of this kind of product has risen perpendicularly this year. 
what's the probable price for this product?
the product looks good.
how's your investment in stock recently?
we are offering the lowest price.
business is bleak in this season.
the shopping center sells all kinds of import goods.
the modification of this agreement is not fair for us.
the loss is a lesson for us.
the net profit of this trade is low.
we lost money for this cooperation.
we can both compromise a little on the matter of price.
the cost of transportation also rises.
who will bear the freight?
to ship the cargo will spend much time.
thanks for your praise.
i hope we can cooperate with each other next time.
i hope we can have pleasant cooperation.
i hope we can complete our negotiation successfully.
i hope you can know our products better.
five cases are damaged seriously when they arrived.
what's the minimum amount of the order that you will deliver?
i really need to ask for a leave.
i bought a trash can in wal-mart.
i can't sell so many items in a month.
i will try my best to help you.
i want to know your advantages as our agent.
can i place more orders?
i want to order a batch of shoes.
i hope we can have chance to cooperate with each other further.
i hope our concession can make you satisfied. 
what i'm interested in is whether you can lower your price.
i think the price is too expensive.
i invited him to value these paintings.
can i ask the price of this product?
we'd better fix the price.
we have discussed carefully all the aspects of this contract.
we're going to offer you a discount of 3%.
we're going to lower our price by five percent.
we specialize in women's dress.
we can only offer you 500 items.
we promote sales to the retailers directly.
this is a win-win business relation for us.
we can't accept bargain here.
we are experienced in foreign trade.
we reached an agreement in price.
we don't want to cooperate with your company anymore.
we're willing to reduce our price by two percent.
we expect to double our sales volume in foreign markets.
we have salesmen in our company.
we have a batch of goods which should be sold as soon as possible.
we buy things which we don't need sometimes.
we have good sales channels.
we should claim for compensations against the insurance company.
we made many businesses.
we have occupied 10% of the market share.
we don't have inventories.
we want to order 500 items.
we want to acquire your company. 
we have a large sales volume.
we're offering the lowest price.
we want to order goods from your company.
we want to know the production process of this product.
we hope you can pay cash.
we are an international trade company.
we look forward the cooperation with you as soon as possible.
we can't accept new orders at present.
we can't sign the contract tomorrow.
we will deliver the goods for you tomorrow.
we don't reach an agreement on price.
we can promise you that the goods can arrive safely.
we can place an order of 500 cases of red wine.
we expect a long-term cooperation with you.
our delivery will be not later than early april.
we will prepare the contract that needs to be signed in a few days.
we will do our best to deliver the goods on time.
we will make it packed in good condition.
we will offer you the most preferential price.
we spent 5000 dollars.
the workers in our company are efficient.
our company has many trade contacts with other companies.
our company is a multinational corporation.
our company opens at 9 o'clock tomorrow morning.
we can give you a 10% discount.
we appreciate that you help us to sell the products.
we find the goods do not agree with the samples.
we are not confident in the quality of chinese products.
we are interested in the products of your company.
you didn't arrange the delivery after we waited for 30 days.
our major sales business is insurance.
our raw material is in good quality.
our budget is not enough.
our sales representatives often go on business trips around the country.
our promotion strategy is working.
we have reasons for the high price of our products.
the market potential of our products is huge.
we know that your company is a state-owned corporation.
we have to work together.
we plan to order a batch of women's dress.
we are not willing to lower our price.
we have to insist all the clauses in our agreement.
we must deliver the goods in accordance with the clause in the agreement. 
we already gave the customers' order to the manufacturer for production. 
i work for eight hours a day.
i eat breakfast in the office everyday.
i can see that you are experienced in this industry.
can i order less items?
i will never agree with this suggestion.
i disagree with the unreasonale requests that you put forward.
i'm going to introduce you the featured products of our company.
it's suggested that we should discuss this problem in a meeting.
i feel sorry that we can't cooperate with you.
i'm happy that i can visit your company.
i'm glad that you are satisfied with our work.
what i care is the market potential of our product.
i'm responsible for the introduction of our company's products.
we can offer a discount of 2%.
i found that these products are cheap and fine.
i am interested in the new product.
my company urged me to attend the meeting.
i plan to extend this business.
i can't believe that you did this.
i can't cooperate with you any more.
i lost the telephone numbers of the customers.
inflation has a huge influence on the market.
the railway transportation expenses are too expensive and i can't bear.
to be honest, i am not interested in your products.
the negotiation was not smoothly carried out.
the negotiation lasted for an hour.
it's one of our exported products.
he refuses to deliver the goods according to the contract.
he is a clever businessman.
they increased the export volumes.
they placed a huge order.
their financial situation is in a mess.
his weekly wage is 250 yuan.
he pays in cash when he buys something.
he suffered a great loss in his business.
the damage was caused by the improper package.
our profits are increasingly rising because of the increase of sales volume.
the two parties reached an agreement.
both of the parties should make compromise.
the market demand is flourishing.
the market competition is increasingly fierce.
the market competition is fierce.
there is a major fluctuation of the food price.
all cargo should be shipped before october.
business sometimes suffers losses.
the goods are carelessly packed.
if we encounter such a situation, we have the right to terminate the contract.
if i can't pay the debts, i will be charged.
if you want to be successful in business, you must dare to take risks.
if you can buy all these products, i can give you a 10% discount.
i don't think we can make a deal if you can't reduce the price by 10%.
the offer of the japanese side is lower than that of yours.
please fulfill the agreements in the contract.
please deliver the goods on time.
please send the goods by sea.
please sign this contract.
please deliver the goods as soon as possible.
signing the contract can facilitate the cooperation. 
the sales of women's dress are increasing year by year.
are you interested in being our agent?
what did you do over there?
we will miss the selling season if you don't deliver the goods soon.
is there anything particular you want to know? 
you should look at quoted price.
you must fulfill the clauses in the contract.
how many products do you want to order?
why won't you cooperate with us?
can you deliver the goods in october?
when can you send us the goods?
your orders are small last year.
can you deliver the goods on time?
can you lower the price for us?
things were not dealt according to the contract.
your company achieved great sales volume this year.
there exists false promotion of your products.
your price is much higher than other offers we know.
the quality of your products is better.
your product enjoys a very high market share.
we are satisfied with the quality of your products.
what do you think is the proper price?
what's the sales volume for the first year?
what else do you want to order?
you can estimate the annual sales revenue.
your market has small demand of this product.
in fact, your offer is lower than the market price.
your price is higher.
i hope your price can be lower than the market price.
we can't give you discounts because of your small order.
how long is your offer valid?
you business looks great.
you shouldn't only care about price, instead, you should also care bout the quality.
can you persuade the manufacturer to deliver the goods in advance?
i will deliver the goods for you tomorrow.
the equipments inside were damaged seriously.
the momentum for economic development keeps stable.
the price of the raw material rose quickly in recent years.
the cost of production rises quickly in recent years.
the price of handiworks rises quickly in recent years.
the real estate market collapsed this year.
when is the delivery time?
the price is the lowest.
the price is reasonable.
the price depends on the size of your order.
the price is 98 dollars per pound together with the freight.
the damage of goods was caused by improper package.
internet is the sales drive in the modern society.
we're glad to establish business relationship with you.
we're glad that you already delivered the goods.
both parties of the contract should bear the according responsibilities.
your company is not our best choice.
your offer is too high.
all the salesperson in our company are trying their best to expand the business.
products of high quality are very popular in europe market.
we agree with this agreement.
the order should at least value over 5000 dollars.
you can get more push money with more orders.
it's my job to show the customers around our factory.
you must carry out a research of the market before the promotion.
this cooperation will benefit both of us.
a discount of 3% is too low.
it's not acceptable for you to discharge the cargo in lianyungang.
we can give you a 5% discount if you order no less than 100 items.
You'll need to renew your passport in a few months.
A trip will do you good. 
Across the street will be the world renowned Skyscraper. 
Are there any flights this afternoon?
Are you sure this is the right direction? 
Are you sure this is the right way?
Arriving in Beijing, I lost my way.
But I am still unable to speak Chinese.
Can I still buy duty-free items?
Can I change my seat with you? 
Can we use credit card?
Can you arrange a tour for us?
Can you be my English tour guide?
Can you recommend me some interesting places in China?
Can you show me around?
Can you tell me how to get to the Baima Temple? 
Can you tell me some interesting places in Beijing? 
Can you tell me the exchange rate today?
Can you tell me what the interest rate is now? 
China has grown powerful over the last few years.
China is a very beautiful country. 
Could I make a reservation for Flight 10 to Nanjing? 
Could you tell me the time of trains to Nanchang, please?
Do I have to change buses?
Do I have to change my train?
Do I need a visa? 
Do you accept credit card? 
Do you have a seat on the next flight?
Do you have anything to declare? 
Do you know where the visa office is? 
Do you think I have a chance to see the Great Wall?
Do you think I'll get a visa? 
Every seat is taken. 
Everybody says that it's a beautiful country.
Flight BE-417 to Beijing is delayed. 
Have you ever been to China?
Have you ever been to that place?
Have you ever gone abroad before? 
He left Guiyang three months ago.
Here is the receipt. 
Here's my ticket, passport and the entry card.
How about going to the Olympic souvenir store?  
How about the Museum of Modern Art? 
How could you force me to do that?
How can I go to the railway station?
How can we get to the airport?
How fancy the country is!
How long do we stop at Chengdu?
How much is the service charge? 
How much is the tour?
How could you let the thief follow me?
I also want to visit Tian'an Men Square and the Imperial Palace. 
I always get airsick. 
I always want to visit the Great Wall.
I am a vegetarian.
I am a vegetarian.
I am afraid I have airsickness.
I am afraid you have to reschedule your flight.
I am afraid the upper sleeper is mine.
I am afraid my flight has been delayed. 
I am going abroad.
I am looking for someone who is familiar with this place.
I am looking for someone who knows this city well.
I am lost.
I am not good at packing suitcases.
I am now in Kunming, the Spring City.
I can be your translator and tour guide.
I can never relax until I've landed. 
I can't find the Immigration desk.
I can't find the smoking area.
I can't place my carry-on luggage well.
I can't find my identification card.
I didn't know you were a vegetarian! 
I didn't take anything with me.
I don't know where the visa office is.
I don't like museums.  
I experienced a winter with snow in Kunming, the Spring City. 
I fancy going to Tibet for a few months. 
I forgot to bring my visa. 
I have been staying in this country for about five years.
I have nothing to declare.
I hope to have time to visit the Great Wall.
I just lost my ticket for Beijing tonight. 
I like museums very much.  
I lost my visa, so what should I do?
I love hiking. 
I must catch the first train to Hainan. 
I need to make a reservation for Mr. Black.
I need to reschedule my flight.
I only handle booking for our standard rooms.
I really want to see China, everybody says it's a beautiful country.
I think a trip makes me younger.
I think this is too expensive.
I think this trip rejuvenize me.
I want to buy a return air ticket.
I want to find an English tour guide.
I want to get in touch with the Chinese Embassy.
I want to know some information about the nearby travel agencies.
I will pick you up at the airport. 
I will stay in this country for about two years.
I wish I could get a visa.
I would like to book a single room.
I would like to book a ticket to Nanjing.
I would like to buy some duty-free items.
I would like to go to the Museum of Modern Art.
I would like to make reservations for the penthouse. 
I would like to purchase a ticket to Shanghai. 
I would like to reserve a table for three at 7 PM.
I would like to reserve a table for two at 7 PM.
I am not good at remembering names.
I'd like to be on the aisle anyway. 
I'd like to change American dollars for RMB. 
I'd like to have a window seat. 
I'd like to reserve a table for two, my dad and I. 
I'd really like to be in China.
I'd really like to be in London.
I will be here for about one year. 
I'll have two days to do sightseeing in that beautiful city.
I'll put my bag in the overhead compartment. 
I'll start packing our suitcases. 
I'm a visitor from Canada. 
I'm always travelling around the world! 
I'm just showing these gentlemen around.
I'm not sure about that time.
I'm not sure.
In cash or credit card?
Is the flight leaving on time?
Is the train leaving on time?
Is there any boat ticket to Qingdao on the third of September? 
Is there any interesting place for us to go? 
Is there any other travel agency nearby?
Is this line for non-residents? 
Is this the check-in counter for Flight 914 to Los Angeles?
Isn't it wonderful walking here? 
It all looks so appetizing! 
It is a lot larger than I expected it would be.
It is in my hotel room. 
It took all together about 6 hours. 
It's a five-hour flight.
It's a landmark in the history of architecture. 
It's so tempting to order everything on the menu.
It's still very expensive.  
I've already made several trips to Nanjing. 
I've been craving China for such a long time. 
I've been staying in Hong Kong for years.
I've been to Tailand, Egypt, and Japan. 
I've been to that beautiful place.
I've never loved any places until now.
Let your tour guide recommend you the best place for eating.
Make sure that you don't let it expire while you are in China. 
May I ask the purpose of your stay in China?
May I ask where the information desk is?
May I come in, please?
May I get back my passbook?
May I have your name, please? 
May I see your passbook?
May I use credit card? 
May I suggest you come to my city?
Maybe we can try some other food today.
My friends and I are planning on going to ShangriLa on Sunday. 
My ID card is lost.
My passport was in the stolen bag. 
My passport was lost.
My passport was renewed in Beijing last week.
My seat is taken by some one.
My trip to China is wonderful.
My wallet is in my hotel room. 
Non-smoking will be fine, please.  
Oh, sir. I lost my passport. 
Oh, God. I just lost my ticket for Shanghai tonight. 
Only two hours are left before the plane takes off.  
Pardon me, which way is to the dining car?
Paris has a long history.
Perhaps around 8 PM. 
Please place your carry-on luggage either under your seat or in the overhead compartment. 
Please recommend me the best place for eating.
Please tell me how can I get to the airport?
She has to pick up her friend Rose at the airport.
So you can see the scenery better. 
Take these pills in case you have any airsickness. 
Thank you for showing us around.
That is really a long flight.
That makes me seasick.
That sounds good.
That sounds interesting. 
That was really fantastic. 
The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home.
The first passenger to stand up and reach for luggage is often Chinese.
The flight was pretty bumpy, also a bit long.
The hotel has a super big garden.
The only flight that matches all the criteria is the 6:30 to Baltimore from London.
The passport was renewed in Beijing.
The trip took me a long time.
The viewing area's over there.
There are so many Chinese living around me.
They usually reach Antarctica by cruise ship. 
They're boring.
This is Immigration officer.
This is my first trip to Hong Kong.
This is your sleeper and the upper one is mine.
This is not a fancy signature.
We are just lucky to get a discount. 
We are on a tough journey.
We just finished making our itinerary. 
We just got a great deal discount on tickets! 
We need to be at the airport now.
We still have some cultural relics to visit. 
We're going to a have boat trip.
We're now staying at the Home Inn.
We're now staying at the Rose Hotel.
We're shopping on Wangfujin Street.
What are the must-see places?
Where do you think we should go for our vacation? 
What if I trigger a security check?
What is the expiration date on your passport? 
What is the expiration date?
What is the purpose of your stay? 
What is your name, please?
What time do they serve dinner?
What time would you like, Sir? 
What's the rate today? 
Whenever I think about China, I'd see the Tian'an Men Square. 
Where can I get the boarding pass?
Where do we go shopping?
Where is the nearest station for Bus No.5? 
Where should I go for the vocation?
Which places are must-sees? 
Why do I have to leave the country?
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building? 
Why do I have to go to the police station?
Will you book a ticket to Beijing for me? 
Would I have a tour guide to tour completely these places? 
Would you mind changing your seat with me?
Would you mind opening the bag for me? 
Would you mind passing the bag to me? 
Would you please help me find it?
Would you please help me find the Lost-and-Found office?
Would you recommend me an English tour guide?
Would you show me the way to the tourist center?
can you tell me which way I should take?
Would you please help me with the luggage?
You bet we're going to the Summer Palace.
You can really get in touch with nature.
You can't go to Beijing without visiting Summer Palace.
You can't go to Beijing without walking through the Hutong.
You have plenty of time for shopping 
You have plenty of time for sightseeing. 
You must fasten the seatbelt.
You need a visa when travelling abroad.
You prefer smoking or non-smoking? 
As you know, I am interested in this business.
Can you give me an explanation?
Could you cut down the price a little bit?
Could you cut the price down a little bit?
Could you give us more details?
Could you hold on a minute?
Could you lead me to the toy department?
Could you let me know your proposal? 
Could you put me through to the fast food restaurant?
Could you put me through to the Human Resource Department?
Could you put me through to the information desk?
Could you put me through to the toy department?
Could you put me through to the sales department?
Did you find any interesting thing?
Did you find anything interesting?
Do you think it's time to pay?
Do you think it's time to sign the contract?
Do you think it's time to start our meeting?
Do you think it's time to start working?
Firstly, I'd like to thank you for inviting me to visit your beautiful country.
For nearly twelve years. 
Glad to see you in our company.
Here is my requirements list.
Here's the price list for you. 
Hold on a moment, please.
How large is the company?
How large is the order you intend to place with us?
How long has he been in this business?
How long have you been in this company?
How long have you been in this field?
How much are we expected to pay?
How much are you expected to pay?
How much is that bigger one?
How much is the app software?
How much is the glass?
How much profit do you intend to give us?
I agree with you. 
I am afraid I cannot agree to such a big discount. 
I am experienced in the business of elevators. 
I am experienced in the business of toys. 
I am looking forward to your order.
I can assure you the price is not good for us.
I can't accept the price.
I don't think I agree with you on this point.
I don't think we can meet his request.
I don't want to disappoint you,sir. 
I hate to hurt you, miss.
I have a interview this afternoon.
I have been much impressed by your friendly people.
I have to try again.
I hope we win this time.
I hope we'll succeed in concluding some business this time.
I intend to place a large order this time. 
I must point out the truth.
I must say your company is great.
I suppose he will leave soon.
I suppose he wouldn’t be here until 11:00.
I think it is more convenient to discuss things face to face.
I think that can be done. 
I think the price is too high for me.
I want to expand this business in two years. 
I would like to discuss the discount with you.
I would like to order a bouquet of flowers.
I wouldn't have quoted you such a price, if it weren't for so large quantity.
I'd like to discuss the discount.
I'd like to order 5 cases of beer.
I'd like to order a birthday cake.
I'd like to order five cases of Qingdao Beer.
I'd like to order some moon cakes.
I'd like to order some wine.
I'd like to talk about the discount. 
I'd like to talk about the salary. 
I'd like to thank you for inviting me to visit your company.
If so, we'll give you a discount. 
I'll come tomorrow to discuss it in detail.
I'll consider your proposal.
I'm certain that mutually beneficial.
I'm rather surprised to hear you say that.
I'm surprised to hear that news.
In order to get this transaction concluded，I accept it.
In the meantime, we will send you our samples.
Is your boss free now?
It carries a five-year warranty.
It is a great hornor for us to have you as our guest. 
It is a great hornor for us to have you today. 
It is hard for me to further lower the price.
It is more convenient for you and me.
It is very difficult for us to reduce the price.
It is very hard for us to further lower our price.
It is very necessary for us to cut our cost.
It seems your business is prosperous. 
It unwise for either of you to insist on your own price.
It was for the long- standing relationship between us. 
It's 100 Yuan including the postage.
It's a deal.
It's about 300 Yuan including the spare parts.
It's better for us to have a talk. 
It's only half an hour's ride.
It's time to start our cooperation?
It's uneconomical to buy them.
we won't turn down this deal.
I've succeeded in persuading my boss to cut the cost.
Let me know if I may be of help.
May I have a subsidy for sales promotion?
May I have an allowance for advertising?
May I have an explanation?
May I have your offer?
May I suggest that you call your home office and ask some advice？
Mr. Lee, with such a large order on hand, you needn't worry anymore. 
My boss is not available until 2:30.
Nice to see you in our company.
Our export manager agrees to a reduction of ten percent. 
Our main business is cosmetics.
Our price is U.S. $ 100 per night.
Our products are guaranteed for one year.
Our profit margin is very narrow.
Our sales are going up year by year. 
Our users prefer the pattern, but they don't care for the material.
Please consider my proposal.
Please let us know if we can help.
Please send us the related information.
She wouldn’t be in until 10:00.
Sincerity is one of the key points in dealings.
So many customers are here.
Sorry, there is no one called Jack here.
Supply exceeds demand at present and this situation may continue for a long time.
Taking the quality into consideration, we accept your price.
Thank you for inviting me to visit your house.
Thank you for the reply of June 15th.
Thank you for your sincere cooperation.
That is the result of your hard work. 
That's the best we can do for you.
That's the reason that I like doing business with you. 
That's too big a number to be acceptable. 
That's why I like doing business with you. 
That's why I like working with you.
The deal is almost impossible unless you give me a big discount.
The lowest we can do is 30 yuan per kilogram.
The price can't go any lower.
The price depends on its quality.
The price is 200 Yuan per night.
The price is too high for me to accept.
The price of green tea has gone up since last month.
The price of our clothes depends on the style.
The quality of your samples well up to standard and suitable for our requirements.
The quality seems fine. 
The quotation is somewhat higher. 
The rusult is not bad.
The rusult of hard work is always good.
There are many chain stores and distributors.
This dress is well-selected. 
This is my first visit to America.
This is my first visit to your company.
This is our bottom price.
This suit is well-designed. 
To be frank with you, I don't like the product.
To buy them in small quantities is uneconomical. 
We agreed to that proposal. 
We appreciate the efforts you've made in helping us.
We are especially interested in your people.
We are glad to hear the news. 
We can meet your request.
We can't accept the number, it is too big.
We can't accept the price, it is too high.
We express our desire to establish business relations with your company.
We guarantee our mobile phone for two years.
We have succeeded in putting through the deal of 500 bicycles.
We have succeeded in putting through the deal.
We have very good connections with wholesalers.
We hope to establish business relations with your firm.
We know that you are a great company in China.
We know what you've done to expand the market.
We like that very much.
We mainly rely on our own resources. 
We may as well call the deal off.
We must take the quality into consideration. 
We need to take quality into consideration.
We specialize in the export of Japanese cosmetics and would like to trade with you in this line.
We thank you for the letter of June 15th.
We wish to add two other clauses. 
We would like to ask you for some information.
We would like you to send us samples of the various materials of the dresses. 
We wouldn't buy it, if it weren't for its good quality.
We wouldn't have offer you such a price, if it weren't for the good quality of your goods.
We're looking forward to seeing you again.
We're quite pleased with your work. 
What do you prefer?
What is your proposal? 
What products are you particularly interested in?
What's your boss's preference?
What's your preference?
When do we meet next time?
Women's dresses are really nice. 
Would you like to accept this appointment?
You are a state-owned enterprise. 
You have so many customers here.
You must take quality into consideration.
Your price is not competitive.
Your price is so high that we find it difficult to accept.
Your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid. 
Your price is too high to be competitive.
Your price is too high to interest us.
Your unit price is higher than we can accept.
Price is too low at present. 
The Japanese yen is strengthening in recent years. 
Could we get the bill? 
There is no question about that. 
What line of business are you in?
I'll give him the message．
I want to leave a massage.
I refused to help him.
Can you remember the price?
Could you please explain it in detail?   
This is our Business Office.
How many would you like to order?
Are you on business travel or sightseeing?
I'd like a refund on this flight ticket.
What's the service charge?
Thank you for your invitation.   
I'm so glad to know you. 
It's my hornor to have you today.
These goods are priced too high. 
These goods are of high price. 
Can you remember the material?
I like the pattern of your clothes.
How are the dresses packed?
Can you give me a discount?
I want a discount.
Can this watch be cheaper?
Can this bag be cheaper?
Thank you for your inquiry. 
Quality is even more important.
We are waiting for your offer. 
There are seventeen of us at the meeting. 
There are seventeen persons at the meeting. 
Can you give us an additional 200 ones?
I want you to look at this mobile phone.
He was too scared that he would be fired.
Sorry, but we are out of stock.
Your price is so convincing. 
There is no problem with your order.
Your price is quite realistic. 
You need to convince your superior to give you the raise.
How to persuade your superior to give you the raise?
Do you know the tax rate?
Would you do me a favor?
Can you tell me something about your project？
We have some pamphlets in English．
You want to work in sales?
I know I can count on him. 
You will become strong by doing these sports.
Be my girlfriend, OK?
As a doctor, he wants to help more people.
Why did teacher ask him to stay in the classroom after school yesterday?
The last one should report the product quantity.
My brother will go to Canada someday.
We haven't been in touch since I sent you the samples.
There are 100 apples and some books on the desk.
There is an apple on the desk.
Wish your parents enjoy good health.
Long live the People's Republic of China.
The wild cat hates parrots.
This is the reason why she learns translation now.
The new house is exquisite and beautiful.
The girl is 18.
I like the scarf.
The pair of red pants costs 30 dollars.
This is a private conversation.
This book is mainly used by college students.
This is the property fee and water rate.
This is my mom.
This is Grand National Theatre.
This is my school life.
This is my life.
There is a football match at the end of the month.
The baby can't climb.
The translation is good.
The product costs 5 Yuan.
The match was first hold in 1905.
The pair of sunglasses is cool.
It's beneficial for your mind and body.
How much is this red hat?
The TV play is fantastic.
Zhang Zhouyang is a naughty boy.
In England, women's age is a secret.
In my eyes, she is the most beautiful one.
When I am in bad mood, playing basketball helps regulate my emotion.
There is no park around my home.
I want to fly a kite in such a good weather.
There is a playground and two lakelets in the park.
More and more cars come into families.
The moon represents elegance and beauty.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
There is a place only you and I know.
There is a big cake.
The place where you stay is my home.
Is there a cheaper one?
We all went home after things had been settled.
200 people were dead because of Ya'an earthquake.
Because playing mobile phone influence your study.
I don't go to work because of the fever.
As for girls, there are so many things they can do together.
The table below is the list of samples we sent out.
Did you finish the laundry?
Maybe I am self-sentimental.
Maybe everyone needs help.
It's going to be late.
When is Yao Ming's birthday?
Be careful, don’t fall off from the bike.
The little boy reached out for the book on the desk.
I am learning Chinese in Beijing now.
I still have one composition to write.
It's winter now, things you want are sold out.
Now let me introduce her appearance.
The temperature now is -30℃.
Everyone in modern society is faced with a rat race.
Smoking is harmful to health.
Material and money are not the most important things for me.
There is no water in the room.
I am in the bus now.
I bought a pen yesterday.
Yao Ming is my favorite basketball player.
I am really dying.
I really like you, Zhou Xiao.
How will I read books in my spare time?
I am in the toilet, go to handle it by yourself.
Am I so annoying?
I have two cell phones.
I am too shy to make friends.
I am poor in English, so I have to finish it by translation.
I thought you could speak and understand Chinese.
I have been grown up.
I am also here waiting for you.
I am the same as other ordinary children.
I want a steak.
I will go climbing.
I will go to Europe for travel.
How can I go to the airport?
I want you to translate one sentence for me.
I want two boxes of eggs.
I am getting married.
I will go home with them.
I want to resign.
My eyes hurt.
I have learned a lot.
I need to study hard.
I want to change my lifestyle.
I want to be your lover.
I want to watch a wonderful TV play.
I want to go home early.
I want that coat.
I want to be a business man like my father.
I am rich in imagination.
I want a glass of tea with milk.
I suppose we have a detailed discussion.
I want to listen to a ghost story.
I want to know you.
I'd like to go to the gymnasium on Sport Road.
I'd like go shopping.
I want to go to Africa.
I want to buy a card.
I want to buy an apple.
I want to order a room for 8 people.
I want to turn on the TV.
I want to be a football coach.
I am having a vacation in England.
What phone am I using now?
I want to read books now.
I am living with her parents now.
I will be back on next Tuesday.
I like the purple hat here.
I like Wang Feng's songs.
I like her because I admire her.
I like tasty food.
I wish the old people in the world enjoy good health.
I hope that I can participate in the Olympic Games on behalf of the national team.
I heard you're going to leave.
I can't sleep.
I am so tired.
I am a pretty girl.
Am I young?
I am going to the hospital for intravenous drip.
I think I need lots of energy every day.
You'd better go to college.
I get up to go to the toilet.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I am good at self-control.
We are just colleagues.
We will have a big party.
We should make reasonable arrangement.
We should cherish time to achieve our dreams industriously.
People who once helped us should always be appreciated.
Shall we take a photo together?
We must be studious.
We often stay in the hotel.
We want sweaters of all colors.
We should train the ability of analyzing and solving problems.
We need some help.
How many bananas and yoghourt do we need?
We made a great progress.
We are intimate friends.
Let's go to bed.
Shall we go to the zoo?
We can pay you.
We often go to the library together.
We haven't contacted the tour guide.
We put on the new uniform.
We did the cleaning with the teacher.
Let's break up.
We don't eat KFC food anymore, because it's unhealthy.
We have paid the money.
Our dream is to have good life.
We shouldn't watch TV for a long time.
We have to ask him to leave.
I swim for more than 2 hours per day.
I don't lie. You just don't believe me.
I am afraid to talk with it.
I bought two jins of octopuses.
I bought some clothes.
My mom likes running.
My husband is taking off his clothes and going to sleep.
There are photos in my own Qzone.
I think I am friendly.
I got a cold and a fever to 40℃ today.
I don't know what I am doing today.
My sister likes to play computer games.
I will work in a primary school in Beijing.
I will work in Beijing.
I am gradually getting tired of living in the city.
I will have a happy family.
I will always remember you.
I like you so much, my dear mother, because you have sacrificed so much.
I am quite familiar with the road.
I am strong and I can hold up several boxes.
I am so tired that I need to have a rest.
I am so afraid of the night because I am afraid of the darkness.
How about guessing a riddle?
I think the situation I am faced with is terrible.
Where is the supermarket around?
My love for you is pure.
My brother likes to play computer.
My brother often goes running.
My oral English is quite good.
I am good at playing badminton.
My life will be more interesting.
My grandmother or my mother can cook in the kitchen.
My husband is a spy.
I am a nurse.
I've finished my report.
My lover is far away from me.
I missed the train so I have to catch the flight.
I don't need the translation anymore.
I don't want to wash the dishes.
I don't want to argue with you.
I don't like to smoke or others to smoke.
I can't speak English.
I have become so numb, what should I do?
My father likes to eat vegetables.
Ask an eight-year-old girl.
Why doesn't he like to eat ice-cream?
He doesn't like to eat ice-cream.
It must be cold outside.
What's the color of the socks?
Pains alternate continuously.
All roads lead to Rome.
The weather forecast says it will rain tomorrow.
It's raining today.
Put on more clothes since it's getting cold.
Tom is not in his room.
The watermelon in Thailand is delicious.
It's too expensive, can it be cheaper？
It's singing slowly.
It likes to watch TV.
He is really good at dancing.
He has a 12-year-old brother, They are in the same school but different classes.
He has a brother who is 12 years old this year.
He has proved himself to be a very good teacher.
Why did he do this?
He is too excited to say a word.
He sent out many disks.
He said that flush the toilet.
He is a monkey.
He is an excellent football player.
He can touch things by hand.
What's in their bags?
What sports do they like?
They often watch football games on the weekend.
They come from China.
They have a big library.
His mother asks him to do a lot of housework every day.
He has been in Beijing for 3 years.
There is an amusement park around his home.
He and his brother are in the same school.
He told us that only study could change one's life.
His father is a doctor, his mother is a teacher.
He showed me around the city and we had a great time.
He doesn't like to play computer games.
He is not only good at playing movies but singing.
So I decide to study the skill of computer hard.
No matter what I will say, it is redundant.
What's the name of the math teacher?
Math is easy for her.
What's the ingredient of the chips?
Who is the most famous banker in the world?
The time seems to stop.
November is the 11th month in a year.
The fourth Thursday in November is Thanksgiving in America.
I got wet by a sudden rain ten minutes ago.
Will the lion bite human?
Life is so beautiful.
If you don't leave now, you can't leave in the future.
If I get there earlier, I can see a doctor soon.
If I can become an athlete, I will be very happy.
If we go to your home for snacks, we will hold a party.
If we go to the supermarket, we will buy some snacks.
If you like skiing, come quickly.
If you go to Qingdao, you can appreciate beautiful sceneries.
The teacher will confiscate the mobile phones if you bring it to class.
If you give me one more chance, I will love you again.
The light turns off if no one in the room.
Everyone can afford our price.
New York is said to be the most passionate city.
Let's have tomatoes for lunch.
The society should offer help for the adolescent.
How much does it cost to go to the airport?
Please allow me to extend a warm welcome to guests from afar.
How to go to the park, please?
What's the number of you and your brother, please?
Is the flight late today?
Please speak some simple English.
Please consider our plan.
Please give me some water.
Please take her temperature.
Please inform me your phone number.
Please buy me a bottle of astringent.
Please bring my wishes to her.
Please mix the yoghourt and the honey.
Youngsters should share with others about their problems.
Honey, where are you in Shanghai?
Cars will produce much noises and wastes.
I am looking forward to receive your confirmation soon.
How do you want me to write it?
Hello, I want to order a room.
How are you recently?
You are so crazy!
How could you suddenly be hostile?
Why don't you speak? Did I say something wrong?
Are you making chips?
What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
Are you willing to talk about your job?
Don't you want to go with me?
Should you get off the plane?
Did you make your bed?
You should know more healthy habits.
How many bottles of apple juice do you need?
Do you know the price of the shoes?
Do you want some milk?
Do you want a glass of orange juice?
What color do you like?
Why do you like the photo?
Why do you like milk?
Why don't you come to pick me up?
Do you watch TV after dinner?
You are too busy, so I may not disturb you. I will chat with you when you are free.
You speak English very well.
I can't understand you.
Your words are paradoxical.
What you said is paradoxical.
You are right.
Do you really love me?
You are my little apple.
What's your nationality?
You are such a liar.
Are you a fool?
When did you come back?
When did her call you?
If you do not leave me, I will by your side until the life end.
What does your wife do?
You can find everything.
Can you buy some potatoes for me?
Can you tell me the sample testing result?
Can you show me the road to the railway station?
Will you come tomorrow?
Do you understand what I said just now?
Are you in the same school?
Will you stay with me forever?
You two don't sleep well on the train.
Do you often chat on the Wechat?
Don't you go to work?
How is your mother recently?
Why did you break up?
Why do you come to Wuhan?
You are being late, go to school quickly.
Can you speak mandarin?
You can go to sleep.
You can make long distance call for 60 minutes freely every month.
You can join the football team.
You will be widely known to many people.
Did you see my message?
What should I do in your opinion?
You are just a liar.
Are you unhappy today?
Can you speak French?
Can you speak Cantonese?
Are you fine?
Go out with me.
Hello, you can come to get the samples tomorrow.
Hello, I want to listen to an old song.
Hello, how can I get to Harvard University?
Did you come just now?
What did you say just now?
What's the color of your clothes?
Is your father a postman?
What's your phone number?
Your nose is yellow.
Your father is a teacher.
Have you had dinner?
Have you had dinner?
Guess who I am.
How old is your father?
You cajoled me to such a remote place.
Did you flush the toilet?
Great responsibility leads to great responsibility.
Can you translate it into Chinese?
A man needs to be romantic, because this is love.
Are there any new goods?
There is no river in that forest.
Then, let's have strawberries and apples together!
He will fly back from Hong Kong tomorrow.
Let him be free tomorrow.
Ask someone to fix the Internet tomorrow.
There will be two football games tomorrow.
Don't come for me tomorrow.
Mickey Mouse is my favorite cartoon figure.
Who is the United States Secretary of Defense?
Three to five times a week.
Every scientist is my friend.
Spend 3 to 4 hours doing the homework.
Give everyone a bowl of noodles.
Nothing can stop him achieving his dream.
No one answered the phone, he must go out.
No way.
I want to buy snacks and then go home.
I am hungry to death.
Which interest group does Mary want to join?
Mom, I miss you.
Learn about the history of the local.
How to fill in the blank of the contact information?
Miss Li, do you know I love you?
Honey, you've had a long day.
Honey, you are the most important person in my life.
Boss, needn't I come to pick you up today?
Dad, do you go to the site tomorrow?
Wolves live in the forest.
Come to have a tasty staff meal.
I often play games with classmates after class.
Can you give me your contact information?
Can I take a photo with you?
Watching the TV advertisement is wasting time.
He was playing basketball when it began to rain.
It's said that the agriculture technology was advanced in this area two thousand years ago.
The holding time is at 6 o'clock on Saturday night.
It's hard to work in the film circle.
I found a pencil case on the playground this morning.
What will we eat this morning?
I forgot to brush my teeth today.
We ate a lot today.
I watched a firework show tonight.
It's foggy again today.
The weather is fine, my father and I go to the park.
Today is auspicious.
Are you happy today?
You are happy today, aren't you?
It's so cold today that I am unwilling to go out.
The wind is strong today.
She almost never plays computer games.
She is tender.
She tells me that boys have to be strong and learn to take care of themselves.
She doesn't like playing computer games.
Is the transfer service free or not?
Ask her not to make faces during the class.
You are good at telling jokes.
Robots can help human in many aspect in the future.
Healthy food is important to our health.
Perseverance means victory!
Welcome to travel in China.
Happy Valley is one of the most interesting places in Shenzhen.
Monkeys like bananas.
Nice to meet you.
Undoubtedly, we did the right thing.
Ha-ha, it is sunny today.
Guo Zhenjie, we must get together forever.
The Forbidden City is the most splendid palace in China.
The dog wants to eat an orange.
Give me a chance to take care of you.
I will give you something, do you want it?
Each sweater of all kinds of color only costs 30 Yuan.
There are 9 subjects more in high school than that in middle school.
Thanks for watching today's program.
Where is the supermarket nearby?
Parents offer food and clothes for their children.
I often go swimming after school.
The room rate will be used up tomorrow.
What is the most indispensable quality in 21st century?
Toronto is a good place for sightseeing.
How long does it take to Chicago from Toronto by car?
That's a good idea for Kate.
Ample reading produces fluent writing.
Where is the zoo?
Animation brings happiness to people.
Of course, I want to go to water the trees.
But there is a girl who devotes four years of her youth to me.
But you know our parents treat us very well.
But you didn't catch the key point of being successful.
But we still have to separate someday.
Most students do sports one or two times a month.
There is a big cake.
It's said that the moon is the biggest and fullest today.
Having breakfast brings me full energy in the morning.
Having too much sweet food may cause serious health problems.
Having junk food is harmful for health.
Cheng Yang is a multimillionaire.
Becoming an athlete will also bring you wealth.
How much are the gloves in the supermarket?
More than 2000 people went to the cinema to watch the movie.
Where is the toilet?
Don't speak and eat quickly.
Don't spend too much time watching TV.
I like different kinds of music.
Different kinds of music make us relaxed.
I think I am smart.
But I think I am smart and not worse than anyone else.
Please contact me in advance if you need our products.
My family is everything for me.
Don't speak.
Don't worry, animals are very friendly.
Be cheaper, OK?
Peter looks energetic in that purple shirt.
What are you doing, my baby? Study hard today.
Baby, you are my favorite.
The baby likes to watch TV.
Can you buy a cup of Sprite for me?
Students are having an exciting discussion.
How much is a jin of the cabbage?
Dad, happy birthday.
Love accompanies you anytime.
I thought you could understand Chinese.
May 1st is Labor Day.
There won't be any paper money in 100 years.
When is the earliest flight to Chicago?
Where is the nearest subway station?
The nearest metro station is just across the road.
Where is the nearest supermarket?
I wish you a happy meal!
I wish you a pleasant journey.
I wish you a pleasant trip in Canada!
Where is the Chinese Embassy?
The Chinese restaurant is on the second floor.
Just follow me, and I'll tell you.
Too bad, I forgot to bring my passport.
Is there a duty-free shop?
These are my personal belongings.
Is this seat taken?
Madam, can I help you?
How long will this trip take?
How much will this trip cost?
When will this cruise ship leave?
This is a country full of vitality.
This is the souvenir I bought in the United States.
This is the local souvenir that I want to take back.
This is my first time to take the cableway.
This is my first time to see the sunrise at sea.
This is my first trip to Qingdao.
This is your bill, please verify and sign.
This is your check list.
This is your room card, please take it.
Is this your first visit to Taiwan?
This is a picturesque lake.
How long will this direct express train take to go to Shanghai?
I visited museums and the churches in England these days.
There are no discounted plane tickets these days.
Are there buses from the airport to the city center here?
How many cruises are there in this place one day?
This is one of America's top ten tourist destinations.
Here is the waiting area.
Can I smoke here?
Can I use a credit card here?
How far is it from here to the city center?
This is the most bustling commercial street in Sanya.
The coffee is provided free for you.
Is there any extra room here?
This does not seem to be my seat.
Are there any specialties in this town?
People in this country are all very friendly.
Air in this scenic area is really fresh.
Is there a Chinese restaurant around here?
Are there any inexpensive restaurants in this neighborhood?
This place is refreshing.
This place is filled with atmosphere of tranquility.
I've been looking forward to the trip to Japan for a long time.
Should I check in at this counter for this flight?
This flight will take off at three in the afternoon.
Breakfast is served from half past seven in the morning.
Where should I send the dirty clothes to be cleaned?
Let's have a stroll in the duty-free shops in the airport.
What's in this bag?
Walking aimlessly there is really refreshing.
Where can I see the city scenery?
Where can I buy a ticket?
It's very difficult to eat authentic Chinese food abroad.
You can see the Great Wall in the distance.
It always makes people pleasant to have a trip in this good weather.
Is it possible to book a table near the window?
There is a counter selling all kinds of souvenirs.
Will the tour guide come to pick us up?
Do I have to pay if I go sightseeing on the West Lake?
Bon Voyage.
Scenery along No.1 highway is beautiful.
May I help you?
What do you want, sir?
Do you need me to pour you some water?
Scenery along the way is beautiful.
Many things gave me deep impression.
The trip is on August 10th.
Thank you for your good service, this is your tip.
Thank you, I'm just looking.
Beautiful scenery on Xiangshan Mountain is beyond words.
I wish you a safe journey!
Sir, this is your boarding pass.
Sir, when I can come to clean the room for you?
Sir, wait a moment, I'll check the booking records.
Sir, how many tickets do you need?
Sir, what do you want to eat for dessert?
Sir, do you have any preference for your seat?
Sir, have you brought a kid?
Buy a ticket first and then get on the car.
I would like to book a double room for next Tuesday.
I'll give you a call after getting off the plane.
Laundry room attendants will come and get the clothes that need washing.
I have booked rooms in Taipei.
Where can I get the form for tax refund?
Where can I get a visa?
Where can I rent a car?
I would like to stay a few more days in Beijing.
I need to send some clothes to wash.
I have two bags to be checked.
I have a membership card, can I get a discount?
I have stayed here for quite a while.
I can not remember how many times I have been to Mount. Huang.
I have already paid.
I want to stay for two nights.
I want this.
Will my flight from London to Tokyo leave on time?
I want a window seat.
I want to go to the tourist information desk first.
I want to check out.
Do I have to declare?
I'm going on a business trip in Tainan.
I'm going to Jiuzhaigou to play.
I want to change a few dollars.
I'll book this room.
I need an economy class ticket.
I appreciated a lot of wonderful history and culture in your country.
I want to stay at a hotel in downtown.
I want to reserve a table for dinner.
I would like to reserve a seat for tonight.
I want to reconfirm my flight.
I want to book three single rooms.
I want a room with a nice view.
I want an accompanying guide.
I want a double room.
I want a guide who can speak Japanese.
I want a sea view room.
I want to make sure that the flight time isn't changed.
I want to an upstairs room.
I want one in the window.
I want to check out now.
I would like to book a single room for my friend.
I would like to check these three bags.
I want to return it.
I want to go to the Hilton Hotel, how to go?
I want to go to Beijing tomorrow, is there a ticket?
I want to buy a souvenir for my mother.
I want to buy some local specialties.
I want to buy a bathing suit, where can I find it?
I want to see the surrounding scenery.
I want to send a postcard back to my friends.
I'd like to book a return ticket next week.
I want to go to the beach to enjoy the scenery there.
I want to eat local special crayfish.
I want to try local food.
I'd like to try Chinese food.
I want to try West Lake Longjing tea, do you have any here?
I would like to get a tourist visa.
I'd like to change this note to coins.
Can I book a hotel now?
I like the seat by the window.
I like the window seat, can I change the seat with you?
I do not understand what that foreigner says.
I am here on business.
I think a local guide is more appropriate.
I will go to the smoking area to smoke a cigarette.
I took many pictures, they are all beautiful sceneries.
Can I walk there?
Can I put my luggage here?
Can I get some discount?
I'll go to apply a passport tomorrow.
We'd better check in now.
We are in the 14th carriage.
We are a party of four.
We have cakes or ice cream for you to choose.
Which boarding gate should I go to check in?
We are already fully booked.
We want to transfer in Busan Airport.
We want to sit next to the window, so to appreciate the scenery of the lake outside.
We want to sit in the non-smoking area.
Let's go to the counter and queue up there first.
We'd like a table near the window.
We will go and see the Asian Games Village at night.
When can we get to Mount. Huang?
Let's go and visit the Summer Palace, okay?
We look forward to your visit.
Can we choose a table close to the band?
We might miss the plane.
Our drinks are supplied free of charge.
We will leave on Sunday morning.
We are about to take a 10-day trip to Japan.
We will arrive at quarter past six in the morning local time.
We will do our best to provide you with the best service.
Jane, let's take a photo together, okay?
Let's go to the aquarium a moment later.
Which boarding gate will our plane take off?
Let's walk to the White House.
I have no time to eat here.
Can I get a tax refund after I buy it?
Let me fill in your room number for you.
Can I sit in this seat?
Can I pay in traveler's checks?
May I try it on?
Can I see the room?
I might have lost a few pieces of luggage.
I will take a picture here.
I will check out at 12 o'clock today.
I will serve as your guide these days in my place.
I'll arrive later, please save the reserved room.
I'll arrive later, please reserve a room for me.
My wife and I want to visit this city.
My friend and I just had dinner at the restaurant in the hotel.
Will I have trouble when I go through the customs?
I am very dissatisfied about the way I was treated.
This is the first time that I have seen so many tulips.
Where is my seat?
My budget already includes a round-trip plane ticket.
My travel budget is not high.
My journey has six days and five nights.
My passport is lost.
I can not find the ticket.
I have to buy some necessities.
Where can I buy souvenirs?
I will take care of your luggage.
I arranged a three-day trip.
Where is the bathroom?
Are there so many people here on the Bund every day?
Foreign visitors can enjoy additional discounts.
I heard that coconut was very famous there, where can I buy it?
Sounds pretty good. I'll take this room.
It's too late, let's just stay at the airport hotel.
Tom stayed at the Hilton Hotel last night.
What is the time difference between Taipei and San Francisco?
They can provide you with more detailed instructions.
All visitors have to fill in the customs declaration form.
All prices are dollar-marked.
Do you always supply hot water?
Is the fourth route round?
By the way, what impressed you most in London?
The Capital International Airport is very big.
Where should I put the carry-on luggage?
Do you provide a free city map?
Is there a Chinese menu?
Can I buy a sightseeing bus ticket here?
Can I have a card with the hotel address?
Could you take care of my valuables for me?
The actual price is higher than we expected.
It costs 2000 Yuan each person for the ten-day tour. 
When is the store closed?
The starry sky on the mountain top is very beautiful.
If you have anything, please ring for the waiter.
If you do not know the name of the dish, point it.
Hot water is supplied 24 hours a day.
Let me set the camera ready.
Go and get your manager here.
The tour group to Mount. Huang will leave tomorrow.
Which cities will I pass by on my way to Dalian?
Please note that the Singapore Airlines flight is about to take off.
This way, please.
Please get a number for the meal here.
Please sign your name and room number on the bill.
Please arrive at the airport an hour before departure.
Please wake me up at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
Please sign on the exchange form.
Please let me get off on Fifth Avenue.
Please take me to the train station.
Please go inside in an orderly manner.
Excuse me, where is the nearest hospital?
Excuse me, will anyone come to the airport to pick me up? 
Excuse me, what is the weight limit?
Excuse me, where is the restroom?
Excuse me, how to go to the local specialty street?
Excuse me, where is the lost and found office?
Excuse me, how do I get to the tourist information office?
Excuse me, how much is the ticket?
Excuse me, do you need a room with a computer?
Excuse me, do you like a seat near the window?
Excuse me, do you have a Chinese menu?
Excuse me, why do you come here?
Excuse me, where can I take the bus to the airport?
Excuse me, when can I get there?
Excuse me, is there a bakery nearby?
Excuse me, is there a public toilet nearby?
Excuse me, can I have Internet access in the room?
Excuse me, how much is the room fare for one day?
Excuse me, have you decided what dishes to order?
Excuse me, how can I get to the 20th boarding gate?
Excuse me, which line should I take to go to the Forbidden City?
Excuse me, where is the nearest tourist attraction?
Excuse me, how much is one ticket?
Excuse me, where is my seat?
Excuse me, how many nights do you want to stay?
Please ask the waiter to take my luggage to the room.
Please get ready to get off.
Please go there and wait a moment first, okay?
Please wait a moment.
Please help me to fill out the guest feedback form.
Please put your luggage on the scale for weighing.
Please send things to my room as soon as possible.
Please recommend a few special dishes to us.
Please take me to the hotel as soon as possible.
Please deliver food to my room as soon as possible.
Please change these foreign currencies into Hongkong dollars.
Please come for security check.
Please give me a map of Chengdu.
Please give me a room with better facilities.
Please give me a cup of coffee.
Please give me a receipt.
Please bring me a hairdryer and a pair of slippers.
Please give me the drinks bill.
Please tell me your room number and name.
Please tell me how to eat this dish.
Please go there and line up to get the tickets.
Please remember the car number.
Please show me your plane ticket.
Please reserve a table for two for me.
Please take a picture of us, okay?
Please help me pack.
Please take the trash in my room out.
Please arrange me in the non-smoking area, okay?
The taxi drop-off area is in front.
Cars are already waiting at the front door of the hotel, so let's go right away.
Admission by ticket.
What price differences do the tickets have?
Air in Europe is much fresher than that inside the country.
Oh, can I have a look first?
Ladies, please show your passport.
Ladies, what do you need?
Turn left and then you can see the lift.
You've come to the wrong door, your flight will take off from No.8 boarding gate.
When is the plane ticket that you want to book?
Do you know where the nearest subway station is?
Can I get a subway route map here?
Where would you like to sit?
You booked a standard room, right?
Do you like to eat any Chinese food?
Do you have anything to declare?
How many pieces of carry-on baggage do you have?
Do you want to try our signature dish?
Do you need us to arrange the travel for you?
Do you need to hire a guide?
Do you need a one-way ticket or a round trip ticket?
Do you want first class or economy class?
Where do you want to travel?
Do you pay with a credit card or in cash?
Do you want to buy a one-way or return plane ticket?
Will you pay in cash or credit card?
Can you tell us about it, Mr. White?
Can you tell me how to get to Manhattan?
You can bring a small box onto the plane.
You can take the subway to the Bund.
Do you mind changing seats with me?
Are you satisfied with this room?
Did you book a high-speed rail or bullet train ticket?
Your seat is in the front row.
You need to check your baggage.
Your wife is waiting for you at the visitor center.
Your room is at the 14th floor.
Do you want to continue staying with us tomorrow?
How long will you be staying?
Do you know any restaurant that is open now?
Do you know where the airport is?
Do you supply hot water 24 hours a day?
You have so many antiques and Chinese paintings.
What tourist attractions did you visit in England?
What did you buy in duty-free shops?
How long do you expect to stay in the UK?
Do you have the change of ten yuan?
Do you have other styles?
Have you already planned the trip?
How long are you going to stay here?
The bridge in front of you was built in the Qing Dynasty.
Do you want to eat Thai food?
What kind of trip do you like?
How much cash do you have?
When you are in the bathroom, I'll pay attention to your bag.
Can you show me the way on the map?
Can you recommend some stores that young people like?
Could you recommend some tourist attractions to me?
Could you recommend a cost-effective hotel to me?
Can you tell me something about this city?
Can you tell me where I am on the map?
Can you tell me about the different characteristics of these dishes?
Can you pack them separately?
Can you take a picture for me?
Can you look at the map for me?
Can you wake me up at 7 tomorrow morning?
Do you support China's credit cards here?
Do you have duty-free shops here?
How much is the tip here generally?
What are your specialties here?
How much did you spend in the trip?
Which do you take, dollar or euro?
Can you provide an interpreter to me?
Do you have a cheaper one?
Is there a swimming pool in your hotel?
What services does your hotel provide?
The soundproof effect is very poor in your hotel.
What is the wireless password of your hotel?
Does your country have taboos?
When is your restaurant closed?
Does your hotel provide breakfast?
What did you buy?
Did you buy souvenirs during the trip?
You can pass through.
Do you think the scenery on Mount. Huang is beautiful?
Do you often go out to travel?
Do you mind if I open the window?
How long will you stay in the United States?
How long do you plan to stay in China?
Have you bought the return plane ticket?
How much did you spend on this suitcase?
What's your first impression of Hongkong?
What type of attractions are you interested in?
Which cities in China are you going to travel?
Can you find me a Chinese employee?
Can you find me my size?
Can you stop the car and let me take some photos?
I'm really happy to come out and play with you.
Can you give me a form for tax refund?
Can you give me a sightseeing brochure?
Can you change my room? It's too noisy here.
Can you give me a receipt?
Can you tell me if there is any interesting place here?
Those beautiful mountain sceneries really make people relaxed and happy.
Then you recommend a few dishes to me.
Is that place far from here?
Please take me to the airport tomorrow morning.
How much is the ticket?
You can get two breakfast coupons for each room.
I took lots of pictures every time when I went out to play.
Where is the ticket office?
Please fill in this registration form.
Please help me check out.
Where is the tourism information center?
The tourist bus is waiting in the opposite stop.
Is there a beauty salon inside the hotel?
There is a Mr. Brown at the front desk waiting for you downstairs.
What is the price difference of the two rooms?
Lijiang is a small city with profound cultural background.
Lijiang is picturesque.
Miss Li, can you introduce it to us?
Be sure to come to Nanjing Road if you come to Shanghai.
Be sure to take a bath in hot springs if you come to Japan.
Look, the boat is weighing anchor.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.
I am afraid that the train had already left.
Can I pay with this credit card?
Can you give me a magazine or something?
Can you tell me your name, sir?
I can see that you had fun today.
On the ground floor of the hotel, there is a bathroom.
Tonight I will be leaving for Geneva.
Is the Museum of Art open today?
Today, we are going to visit the Bird's Nest.
What is today's special?
The reception is just in front.
When will the bus leave?
Where is the train station?
Do the hotels near the railway station cost a lot?
The train was delayed for an hour.
The train arrived at the station in advance.
Members can check out later than the usual time which is two in the afternoon.
Welcome to Mount. Huang, Anhui, China.
Okay, I'll take care of it for you.
When will the flight arrive?
Does it include the tax?
Waves are high on the sea.
Sunshine duration is very long in Hainan.
Haikou is an exotic city.
The seaside sun is very strong.
Transit passengers can wait for the flight in the transit lounge.
According to our tour schedule, we will go to the Forbidden City today.
I gave you the wrong dish, I'm really sorry.
Madam, can I help you?
Does it include insurance and airport construction fee?
It is really worth appreciation.
What kind of drinks is provided on the plane?
The plane landed safely at Charles de Gaulle airport.
The air conditioner is not effective in the room.
The room is very clean, I am very satisfied.
You must taste French croissants.
How wonderful the scenery is!
Sorry, there is no spare room now.
I'm sorry, I'm not a native.
I'm sorry, would you please look at my suitcase?
I'm sorry, I'm afraid this costs an additional fee.
It's good to spend winter in Hainan Island.
Where is the elevator?
Why can't I turn on the TV?
Call me when you get to the station, okay?
You need three means of transportation for transferring there.
When you encounter an emergency, please dial the phone number.
There are many local delicious dishes, I ate them all.
How long does it take to go from Taipei to Hong Kong by plane?
The economy class from New York to Shanghai costs 800 dollars.
What is the purpose of this trip?
The purpose of this visit to Hong Kong is shopping crazily.
There is a convenience store on the left side outside the door.
Outside the door is the subway station, it's very convenient.
Where is the exit?
I will take you to go around after dinner.
How much does it take to go to the city center by taxi?
The car is a little stuffy, please open the window.
When will the restaurant be open?
How long does it take to walk there?
If there are no traffic jams, I can get there in 30 minutes.
Local residents can visit the Forbidden City free of charge today.
Sorry, we don't provide discounts for people with a student card.
Sorry, I can not find your name on the passenger list.
Sorry, tickets have been sold out.
How much does it take to get a membership card?
From April to September is the low season for tourism in Hainan.
Do what you can do.
We can enjoy the scenery on the train.
Where is the nearest Italian restaurant?
How much is the lowest price you can offer?
The independent tour is popular among youngsters.
Natural environment is the basic condition for our existence.
The Chinese version of travel guide is sold over the information desk.
Please get ready of your passport and arrival card.
I wish you a happy meal.
Wish you a pleasant journey.
Congratulations to you for your success on passing the exam.
We go swimming after noon.
Do I need transfer during the journey?
Chinese calligraphy seems very simple, but in fact, it is otherwise.
China's nuclear power is currently only two percent of its total generating capacity.
Is peony the No.1 flower of China?
China's parents likes to name their daughters after the moon for they want them as lovely as the moon.
Where is the Chinese Embassy?
The original copy is only needed when staying in hotel and taking a flight.
You can succeed only by working hard.
Only then can I have the chance to realize my dream.
Only schooling can change your own destiny.
Just because you said, love is waiting.
You only need to pass two crossroads and then turn right.
Just some cameras, clothes and books.
Knowledge is power.
How much is the all-day travel?
The bridge has witnessed the history of thousands of years.
The house has a history of 200 years.
The city strikes me most.
I may play the piano this week.
This custom passes from generation to generation.
It's very fashionable.
The scenery here is charming.
Even this can't be brought?
So you and your parents will have a good time.
I can get this cheaper at other places. 
This is not an interesting thing.
I am intended to smoke.
Are these your baggage?
The artware is unique to China.
Should all of these goods be declared to customs?
These are souvenirs with real Chinese characters.
These things are unique to Europe.
Does the road lead to Times Square?
The road is wide and clean, on which there are some bronze statues.
Is there a Thai restaurant in the street?
Are most roads smooth during the journey?
Does this bus go to the train station?
Does this phone support international roaming?
The phone's functions are so powerful.
These are the latest shoes.
This is a traditional Chinese culture.
It's the traditional cake in China.
It's the biggest supermarket here.
It's a busy crossroad.
This is a dream difficult to realize.
This is a good way to solve this problem.
It's a very long distance.
These are souvenirs I will bring to my family.
This is the one I love.
This is the first star I see tonight.
This is my first date.
It's my first time to come to the capital airport.
It's my first time to travel abroad.
This is my translation of the last question.
This is my customs declaration form.
This is the best food I've had.
This is the receipt, please keep it.
This is the disembarkation card.
The bus is leading to New York, isn't it?
This is your beer.
It's the continental breakfast you ordered.
This is your room card.
This is your room card, please keep it well.
This is your ticket and change.
Here is your ticket.
This is the command, you must obey.
Tourism gets the fastest increase in this way.
Can it be cheaper?
It sounds like your vocation must be very interesting.
It seems that there is no place for me in such a big city.
How much is the  nude sweater?
How long is the journey?
There are many kinds of potatoes here.
This is the first stop of our honeymoon.
This is the first stop of our trip.
Is there any bus here?
Do you sell dumplings?
Is cheque available here?
Can I use credit card here?
There is no empty sea-view room.
The clothes are so cheap here!
The campus is really beautiful.
Animals here are different from what we see usually.
There are many things here.
The precious cultural relic is served well here.
These are the favorable conditions and unfavorable conditions of traveling by train and by plane.
Is there a blue one?
Do you have a bigger size of this dress?
The dress feels very comfortable.
The dress is nice, but the size is too small for me.
The dress costs about USD$500.
It's in fashion this year.
This thing is really fantastic.
Our hotel is not involved in this matter.
How much is this?
It's almost cost price.
I've felt it deeply in these months.
It will be considered as impolite behavior.
Is there any empty room?
Are there other rooms available?
Does it have anything to do with my occupation?
Is the seat available?
Is this seat taken?
Our whole family are going to Guangzhou to see my wife's parents this weekend.
The camera’s picture is fine.
Various plays will be performed on this stage in festivals.
The scarf can be taken as a gift.
This man is very interesting.
Shall we go to see the Statue of Liberty during the journey?
Does the price include tax?
Can it be cheaper?
What does the price include?
Do you have stock of it?
The good news spread quickly in his hometown.
Does the fee include everything?
What's in the bag?
This word is used to describe you.
This job has a lot of room for you to develop.
The room is too small, can you change a wider one for me?
The room is quite good, except of the price.
The room is clean, I am quite satisfied with that.
Are we allowed to take photos here?
There is a beautiful national park.
The scenery here is charming, and we can go fishing, go camping and enjoy the fresh air.
There are many tourist sites here. How long are you intend to stay?
Will you travel during the period?
Are you going to have a vocation this time?
What is your budget of this travel?
This trip helps us to know more about nature.
The purpose of the event is to provide students with opportunities to show their talents.
The scenery left a deep impression on me.
This is not the pizza I ordered.
It's not good for your health.
Does the train start at seven past nine?
Where does the train arrive in Chicago?
Does the train pass through Carson City?
Does the bus stop at public library?
It is hard to master a foreign language but it is worth the effort.
The man standing in the distance can't be Mr. Li.
Standing for a whole day is not too tiring.
How can we remember English words in a better way?
How to prevent losing the passport?
How to make celery fried meat?
The invention of papermaking created an essential condition for the spread of culture.
Shall we buy some potatoes?
Can we go out for a drink?
Let's go to the flea market later.
We will eat moon cakes and fruits during the festival.
You can go wherever you want in this country.
What would you like to drink before dinner?
Parking is free of charge here.
As I ask him several times, my father finally agreed to go to Australia with me.
In the future people will live to 200 years old.
Strolling over there really makes me relaxed and happy.
Where can I buy souvenirs?
We always speak English in class.
The independent travel develops rapidly in Japan in recent years.
There is a shopping centre at the end of the street.
You might sell the car sometime in the future.
In the future you will probably sell the car.
On his way home, his wallet was stolen.
In the past three days he did not speak to me.
You can transfer in Charles de Gaulle.
During this period, the agriculture, handicraft industry and commerce have been greatly developed.
In the spring it is suitable for a walk.
In the eyes of others I am an angel.
I will travel in China in the first two weeks in May.
Could your price be lower?
John formally apologizes to them for his impolite behavior.
The reservation is under the name of Mr. Wang.
At the same time, I feel happy for the school.
Is there a through train to Paris?
There is a Black Hawk helicopter crashed.
A man was knocked down by a car.
Sometimes I also smoke.
Do you have anything to declare?
What method can enhance memory of brain?
Ask him to go to Room 308 if anyone comes to me.
What are the things I can't take with?
Is there any site you'd like to visit?
Is there a sea-view room?
Is there a better one-day tour route?
There are two video cameras for display.
Is there a seat near the emergency exit?
How many people know the importance of learning a foreign language well?
Have plenty of time for shopping and sightseeing.
The post office is right across from it.
The flight will be delayed because of the bad weather.
The parrot looks so beautiful.
Paying tips should be regarded as a part of the travel expense.
How long is the validity of bank draft?
Music Festival will be held in October.
Because of you, my life is beautiful.
My travel plan is cancelled because of the bad weather.
Because of you, I become more realistic.
Because everyone has a side of selfishness.
I didn't go to work because of a fever.
So I'm determined to study hard from now on.
Garden Yi is built in the imitation of delicate Chinese ancient garden.
Face life with a positive attitude towards life.
The doctor advised me to do exercise at least twice a week.
The doctor told me that when my mouth is dry, it would be nice to coat my mouth with honey.
50 pounds for each person.
The single room costs USD$100 per day.
The scenery along Route One is so beautiful.
To speak English well, you should speak English as much as possible.
Things would go bad if you lose your passport.
You should buy calcium which is not harmful to the liver.
Spare sometime to visit the national park around.
Shall I call a taxi for you?
The nature reserve of Yancheng is home to a variety of plants and rare birds.
Yantai is a beautiful coastal city.
Learn to innovate, refuse to imitate.
Many people are planning to travel to Southeast Asia during the National Day holiday.
Many things left me a deep impression.
Luggage clerk! I want to send the large bag to New York.
There are two bottles of Chinese wine in the luggage.
The journey begins on June, 10th.
On Sunday, I went to the hill with my classmates to plant trees on the hill.
Thank you for your coming to my party.
Thank you for playing football with me.
Be careful for fear that you are targeted by thieves.
Xiaoqiang has never been to the Great Wall.
The bird flew slowly across the sky.
Children should be obedient.
The little animals choose the monkey as king of the forest.
It is impossible to go out.
Banana, pineapple, litchi and sugarcane are the four famous fruits here.
Mutual understanding is essential to friendship.
Now the Chinese market is not good.
Now Chinese films are very popular in Europe and the United States.
Since super is not ready yet, you do your homework first.
Now he lives with his parents in China.
It's in off-season now, so it's not crowded here.
Can I check out now?
Miniskirts are very popular now.
The ID card is necessary when you order a room.
Now the streets are very crowded.
Now children in most families rush about out of home.
The room fee is USD$40 a day.
Obviously, parents must set a good example for their children.
Sir, it's routine check.
Sir, what can I do for you?
Sir, do you want to try this leather shoes?
Sir, what clothes do you want?
When does the next flight to London take off?
When will the next plane to London take off?
We'd like to go camping and canoeing next summer.
Sydney Opera House is famous all over the world.
I hope to fall asleep on the train.
I hope you have a good time in Hangzhou.
I hope you can take good care of yourself.
Western men are gentle and romantic.
Do you want beef for lunch?
Do you want beef or fish steak for lunch?
In any case, we need a cell phone, but it can't be controlled by it.
I helped my aunt yesterday.
My youngest daughter was in kindergarten.
I like historical sites best, which travel route do you recommend?
I have more free time just now.
I am also a photographer.
I live in hotel.
I live in Boston Hotel.
Do I need to transfer during the journey?
I only have one week for travelling.
I can set off once I get the ticket.
I'm just looking.
I can only refund.
I can only speak dialect, don't you understand?
I can only understand a little German.
I only bring clothes to change.
I'm taking a bath.
I'm on my way to you, I'm almost here.
I'm on my way home.
I really don't want to go on like this.
I come to Canada just for travelling this time.
I can't find my passport.
I can't find my baggage.
I can't find my ID card, what should I do?
How can I go to downtown?
How couldn't I come up with that? Thank you for your reminding.
I'm talking about business outside.
Where to get the air ticket?
I will check out three days later.
Where can I take the bus?
Where can I get the tableware?
Where can I leave my luggage?
Where can I change money?
I'd like to buy the litchi on my way back.
I am having a summer holiday by the sea.
I saw this at somewhere else, which costs cheaper.
I only stay in Beijing for two days, without opportunity to visit the Great Wall.
I dream about you again.
I have an eraser.
I have a piece of land.
I have a new pen pal.
I have two luggage cases and a hand-bag.
My English is not good, but I still can understand some English.
Where should I get off?
Which gate should I go aboard?
I thought you referred to vegetable and meat.
I thought you didn't bring any food.
I have ordered a room in Jin Ling Hotel in downtown.
I've cleared up the table.
I have left life and death out of consideration .
I have reached my destination.
I can't sleep when I think of you.
I didn't have fun during the journey at all.
I have to go.
Shall I go straight?
How can I control myself well?
I will stay here for about 3 weeks.
Where should I transfer to Washington?
Which across road should I turn?
I want to order a sleeper ticket.
I want to go sightseeing in Canada.
I will spend one week to travel.
I want a double room in which I can take a shower.
I want a hamburger and French fries.
Do I have to pay a deposit first?
I want to declare.
I want to go to central park, can you tell me which bus I should take?
I want to go to Macy’s, can you tell me how to go there?
I want to go to the department store, can you tell me how to go there?
I want to buy a metro map.
I want to say goodbye to the past, let all start again.
I have to go to the bathroom right now.
I'd like to exchange Renminbi.
I want to order two air tickets of your airline at noon.
What I want is just a simple life.
I have to go to Chicago for a business conference.
I have to stay for ten days or even longer.
I will go fishing out on the sea.
I'd like medium-done steak.
I have to check your identity carefully.
I want a morning call.
I want three air tickets of economy class.
I need fire support.
They have to show me their passports.
I want to do the work of graphic design.
I want to go sightseeing by car.
I want to take the sightseeing bus.
I want to travel by taxi.
I want to rent a car.
I want a suite, do you have an empty one?
I want to stay in the youth hostel.
I want to live in a hotel.
I am seeking a cozy way to travel in the country.
I want to arrive at the airport early to take my ticket.
I want to rent a car here.
I want to travel in the downtown.
I want to order a table at 6 p.m. on Sunday night.
I want to order an air ticket to Chicago this Saturday.
I'd like to reserve a ticket tomorrow.
I want to book a table.
I'd like to order a seat on Saturday.
I want to move to New Zealand.
I want to stay in a hotel near the beach.
I want to reconfirm my flight.
I want a table for 3 persons.
I want something cold.
I want some appetizer.
I want a tour guide who can speak Japanese.
I'd like a room with nice view.
I'd like a glove and a laptop.
I'd like a Germany-speaking guide.
I want a seat of first class.
I'd like a room on the sunny side, please.
I want to order the take-out.
I want to be your tour guide, can I?
Give me a bottle of whisky.
I want a quiet seat.
I want to choose the all-day journey.
I want to have lunch now.
I think I'd like a glass of milk tea, thank you.
What's my room number?
I want to confirm whether my flight is cancelled.
I want to go to New York for a few days.
I want to go to Paris to learn.
Please bring me a bottle of hot water.
I want to buy some dumplings and the spring roll fillings.
I want to buy some daily necessities.
I want to buy a blue shirt.
I want a shirt of small size.
I want to buy the local specialties.
I want to order two rooms of sale price.
I want to visit the Statue of Liberty.
The wish I want to see Wisdom Goddess Temple becomes stronger and stronger.
I want to see the sun shining, also want to read your mind.
I want to leave my luggage.
I'd like to drink coffee with you.
I want a tour guide to show me around the city.
I want to buy some daily necessities.
I want to buy clothes for my dad as a gift.
I want to fly higher.
I want to exchange the 500 Yuan.
I want a ticket to Melbourne.
I want a sea-view room.
I want two air-tickets of northwest airlines to Detroit.
I'd like to order some specialties.
I want to order the local specialties.
I want to go out to travel.
I want to eat ice cream.
I am checking for the setting time of the train.
I want to visit downtown.
I want to help more patients.
I want to go through the formalities for the ticket.
I want to change the paper money to coins.
I want to change the ticket to first class.
I want to change all the money to dollars.
I want to change this ticket to the first class.
I'm having a meeting right now. I'll call you later.
I'm really tired.
Where am I now?
Can I serve you now?
Can I order food now?
I return to the topic now.
I am very angry, because I lost my pet.
I'll go to the opposite to buy the ticket.
I'm going home directly after work.
I like to take photos by this camera.
I like fresh air.
I like camping.
I like to work with my colleagues.
I have ordered train tickets to New York for you on the 5th at night.
I'll arrive late, please keep my room.
I will pick you up at five in the evening.
I hear that sculptures in Parthenon are quite successful.
I hear the good is on sale in other stores.
I regret signing up very much.
I said I was going to work by bike today.
I am a driver.
I am a company employee.
I am a Chinese, and my English is really bad.
I am a boy covered by darkness.
I am here for sightseeing.
I am here on vocation.
Do I go home or continue to work?
When can I get my luggage?
When can I get it?
When can I go?
When can I go aboard?
When can I check in?
I was sick so I didn't go to school.
I can't bear to leave you.
I have a two-hour class of art.
I think I should allow myself to make this decision.
I don't think going camping is a good idea.
I don't think she's hopeless.
I will go to check there.
I went to the bathroom.
I am going to visit my daughter's family.
I try to forget your happiness.
I lost my luggage tag.
Can I walk there?
Can I buy sightseeing bus ticket here?
What can I do for you, Madam?
Can I help you?
Can I have a try?
I've given you all I can.
Can I bring a friend?
When is the due time for checking out tomorrow?
I'm going to Yunnan next summer.
I got lost. Where is it?
We sit on the sofa and watch TV.
We'd better to watch the predator.
Let's sign for a tour group.
We can go to buy ready-made French fries directly.
We are walking on the street side by side.
We are planning to travel.
How is our journey specifically?
Do we need to transfer halfway?
How long will we stay in Chicago?
We set out for Westminster at 8 a.m., and go back to the London Eye at 5 p.m.
We are settling the bill at the outside cashier desk.
Let's review the journey again.
We have a purple skirt, which only costs twenty dollars.
We can offer you several travel routes.
We have a variety of handicrafts for you to select unhurriedly.
We have 8 adults and 2 kids.
Let's feed the kangaroo bread.
We are poor in English.
We have prepared dinner for you.
We have prepared delicious dinner for you.
We will search it for you.
We also plan to visit the Great Lakes Region and Wall Street.
We are going to transit.
We want seats in the smoking section.
We want to book 5 boxes.
We have to transfer in Osaka.
We want a trolley.
We need a cell phone, but cannot be a slave of it.
We need many blankets.
We want to sit on the 2nd floor.
We want to sit by window.
We want a table where we can appreciate the garden.
We may probably miss the train if we set out now.
Let's play in another country next time.
We tend to make judgments based on each other's eyes.
How long have we been late?
We heard that you are going to leave.
We eat snack every day.
We arrived at the airport two hours early.
We will arrive in the early morning on the 3rd and leave at 11:30 p.m. on the 5th.
We'll do the packing list for you later.
Things in the market are on sale today.
Let's go to hang around.
Let's take a walk in Chinatown.
Let's go to the castle.
Let's visit the old castle there.
Let's go to the zoo.
Let's visit the old castle there.
We can see thousands of colorful marine creatures.
Can we go inside to have a look?
Can we take a picture with you?
We'll visit the museum tomorrow afternoon.
We will arrive at Trafalgar Square soon.
We must have regrets.
We have very little time for extracurricular activities.
We can have a short rest here.
We offer discount according to the model.
We may miss the train.
We often hang out in the shopping mall.
We hold a clearance sale today.
What's our route today?
Next we will go to visit British museum.
We will leave on Sunday afternoon.
We can appreciate all kinds of animals, wetland and forest in the protection zone.
We will handle that.
We will return you the customs declaration.
We will pick you up at 7:30 a.m., please wait for me outside the hotel on time.
We also went to Sydney aquarium and saw many kinds of amazing marine creatures.
We will see Athens Acropolis right away!
Our company produces cameras.
How much longer does it take to get to Boston?
We are deeply attracted by its interesting history.
Our clothes are very fit.
Our baggages are clothes.
There is no meat in our luggage.
Our house is very close to the school.
There are a lot of parents and former graduates coming to our graduation ceremony .
Our books are under the chair.
We go to Toronto to visit our family.
We're closed.
We are intended to live in Canada for 5 months.
We grow slowly from a child to a teenager.
Do we walk there?
We don't like sitting by window, because it's too noisy.
We can't skate on the river.
We can't relax ourselves with a cell phone.
We can't get in touch with our family right now.
Don't we go so far to buy vegetable?
We are closely linked.
Shall we join a tour group?
I didn't find your name.
I didn't find your name on the list.
I have no future.
I have nothing to declare.
I don't bring any food.
I don't bring wine.
I didn't expect to lose my passport this time.
I didn't hear about that. Please give me an introduction.
I don't bring wine.
My mother is making dumplings for me and my father.
I am here for study.
I am here on business.
Let me help you with your luggage.
I come to help with the housework.
I come to go through the formalities .
Can I pursue you?
Can I stop over in Chicago?
Can I smoke here?
Can I pay in this credit card?
Can I use the bank card?
Can I pay in the traveler's cheque?
Can I use VISA card?
Could you give me a bag?
Can I bring you a bottle of drink?
Can I draw cash of 20 pounds?
Can I buy it on installments?
May I see your passport?
May I see your passport?
Can I see?
Can I see the room?
May I see your ID card?
Can I pay by installments?
Can I order food?
I can help you.
Can I change to the sleeping car?
I think you need the travel guide.
I think the price is too expensive.
I was deliberately trying to mock him.
I often ask him questions.
I don't know what to eat this morning.
I asked my sister to go shopping.
I have no appetite today.
I'm in a good mood today.
I was exposed today.
I'm in senior three this year.
I will travel in that beautiful city for two days.
I will stay in Beijing for 4 days to visit all famous tourist attractions.
I will work in one of the universities in Beijing.
I recommend you to go to that museum.
I have a dog in my house.
I need a room to stay tomorrow night urgently.
I will cherish all of this.
I will check out 3 days later.
I'll pick up the ticket at the airport counter.
I'll always be by your side.
I will arrive later, so please keep my reservation. 
I will bless you silently.
I also need to buy soy sauce and vinegar.
I still want to fly to Germany.
I have never been abroad by plane.
I doubt everything.
I spent 20 yuan.
I am so worried because I can't find my luggage.
I like the color very much.
I'd be happy to help you.
I haven't seen him for 20 years.
I and my lover want to go on vocation with our parents, where do you suppose to go?
I want to go to sleep, because my head aches.
I want to go home and hold my son.
I want to go to the movies with you.
I like appreciating sceneries very much.
I wish you were here.
I and my sister learn English from you.
My borther is an aviator in an airline.
I just take her temperature.
I feel lonely.
I don't feel good, can you give me the carsick medicine?
I can't catch the bus.
My parents are not as approachable as his parents.
I like math very much.
I miss my hometown very much.
I am so busy that I had my lunch in the office.
The TV in my room is broken.
The TV set in my room is broken, please ask someone to fix it.
I found that sports programs are very boring.
How I want to always rely on your arms.
Can you give me a discount if I buy more?
I have a deeper understanding of English.
I have lost hope for you.
I am interested in museums.
I'm not interested in the outcome of the match.
I read an article in English.
I spent the whole day playing in the amusement park.
It's my first time to come here. Can you give me a direction for visit?
It's my first time to come here, so I am not familiar with the surroundings.
I will go to the bank to withdraw money later.
I will drink red jujube tea later.
My seat is over there.
My new motor home has complete functions.
Why can't I find my luggage?
My luggage is destroyed in transit.
Should all my luggage be weighed?
I lost my luggage.
My luggage is missing.
Someone took my luggage.
My first stop is Disneyland.
My specialty is playing badminton.
My kettle is next to my desk.
My wallet is always empty at the ead of every month.
I lost my purse.
My address is Room 105, Garden Hotel.
My boss works very hard.
My family members are father, mother and me.
I lost my passport.
My flight is late.
My son is having his piano lessons. 
My first stop is Disneyland.
I lost my ticket, can you give me a new one?
On behalf of the American people, I convey our welcome to you.
I intend to have an independent travel, but I am worried I can't buy the ticket.
I hit someone, so I was put in jail.
I have never been to Disneyland.
My duty is mainly for a business trip and secondarily for sightseeing.
I was born in an ordinary family.
I went out shopping.
I got a step backward in study.
I often drink juice and don't stay up late.
I attended a concert.
I just got a job.
I don't know where the booking hall is.
I don't know the direction of downtown.
I don't know you are having yoga class,
I don't need your sympathy.
I don't want to exercise, such as running, swimming.
I don't want to eat fast food anymore.
I don't like my seat on the plane.
I don't like outdoor activities.
I'm not very satisfied.
I don't know how to make French fries.
I can't use forks and knives.
I don't know how to use knife and fork.
I won't play with you.
I don't want to have supper.
I don't eat dog meat.
I didn't bring the vegetable.
I avoided being a priest.
I must arrive in Los Angeles in the afternoon.
I must arrive in Los Angeles before 3 p.m.
I must know the local history.
I was controlled by it.
I was told to stay calm.
I was admitted to the university.
I'm going to Beijing on 16th.
I will arrive at Guangzhou on 11th.
I will be back in 10 days.
In order to catch up with his classmates, he has to study harder.
Walk downtown.
Cross two crossroads in that direction.
Which platform is the express train to Los Angeles?
What are you going to eat at night?
What if aliens come?
Have these people outside left?
Three pairs of socks only cost two dollars.
The first-class ticket is too expensive.
The first-class ticket is more expensive than that of the tourist ticket.
Boy Scouts intends to go camping on Saturday.
It's said that this kind of fish is like a doll.
It sounds really luxurious.
Which are these desserts?
It's cloudless in the sky, the scenery is really beautiful here.
There is no cloud in the sky.
The west side of Chinatown lies Yi Garden.
It's so great, then you can go sightseeing on the way.
It's a very modern mansion.
It is a landmark building in the city.
It's carried under the guidance of a very famous engraver.
Does it include the tax and service charge?
They will be extinct.
It is held every year in January in Melbourne.
It records many of my memories.
It won't fall down. Please don't worry about it.
He could not have done such stupid thing last night.
He fell off the bike yesterday.
He always let me wait for a long time.
He always speaks in a low voice, can't he speak a little louder?
He often eats at school at noon.
He's really not good at dancing.
He found his car at last after so many days had passed.
He's looking for his car.
He has a lot of representative films.
His eyes were red, and it was obvious that he had cried.
He's a bit charming when he laughs.
He lives with his parents in the Arctic.
He often goes out to eat fish at night.
What he said made me sad.
He received a bag of very tight package.
He is an excellent football player.
He is an actor, not a director.
He is a talented student of sports.
He is a well-acknowledged star.
He can point out the direction of life for us.
They are in the same school, but in different classes.
They may be having lunch in the cafeteria.
They usually watch the ball games on TV at the weekends.
They are children who never grow up.
They stressed that people should read books, especially the classics.
They expect to find a good job.
They can take a cable car up the mountain.
They will travel to Kunming tomorrow.
Both of them were wearing light sport shoes.
They will refund the money to you.
What folk collections do they have?
They will never take "face" seriously.
He can be kept for a long time.
He would never waste time on a variety of concerns.
He is the navy general who defeated Napoleon.
He often goes to bed at ten o'clock.
He read the English novel with the help of an English Chinese dictionary.
It is still unknown when he comes back.
He felt a little embarrassed, and cleared his throat quickly and looked up at the picture on the wall.
He's been doing it for a whole morning.
He paid the rent for half a year.
He found a lot of things be stolen.
He is an actor.
His constellation is Leo.
His foot was rolled off.
His parents died and left him homeless.
His carelessness resulted in the failure of his mission.
His disadvantage is that it's a waste of time.
When he reached the top of the hill, he seemed tired.
Since young, he has read a lot of books especially the ones of adventure.
He never cares about the feelings of others.
He was late for almost an hour.
He's growing up, he can go to school.
He doesn't know to take it apart.
He answered my questions without thinking.
He was ten days older than me.
He sold his old shop, opened a new one in order to make more money.
He takes the fan apart to repair.
He was born in Hong Kong on September 27, 1961.
All people in the oath really feel that they will never violate the commitment.
All the lights are on.
So I don't have time to pick the clothes.
So I have to take my responsibility to achieve my goal.
So the key to success is perseverance.
Though buildings in London seem old-fashioned, they are in unique style.
Although she is young, she knows a lot.
The squirrel is running after a rabbit.
By the way, which strikes you most in London?
Who is the most suitable for the company?
Who will accompany me for Christmas?
Vegetable and fruit are over there.
The ticket hall is over there. You have to buy the ticket by yourself.
First of all, there will be a speech contest.
Mobile phones will affect learning.
Yes, three days. Stay in the hotel for 2 nights: July 3rd and 4th. But there are 3 days in total. 
Yes, our price is incomparable.
Yes, it's showed on the map that the entrance is around here.
Is it a motor bus?
In fact, he was a child.
Are there any recommended good hotels in downtown?
Is there a good hotel in downtown?
What's the richest content during the journey inside the city?
No one in the world is really true to you.
There are no two leaves that are totally the same.
Do you offer a discount if the student card is used?
Is there a special discount if I use the student ID card?
The time is 6 o'clock in the Saturday night.
Time is fleeting.
Why is the flight delayed?
Where can I get the ticket?
December is my favorite.
I would lost everything if I lost you.
Failure is the mother of success.
Father Christmas is giving the children gifts.
Life is full of sour, sweetness, bitterness and hotness.
I was very busy last week.
How many hours does the chemotherapy drug last?
What does the journey include in the morning?
I went fishing for a while and then walked 5 miles when I got out last time.
Passengers on the bus please go inside.
Guests in the business class please get aboard now.
When does the department store close?
Be kind to yourself before you can be loved.
How much do three tickets cost?
March is the third month in the year.
Confucian culture is the traditional culture of China.
I will buy it if the price is lower.
If someone comes to me, please ask him to go to Room 3065 directly.
If there is a chance, you can introduce to others.
If you want to get together, you can invite good friends to come.
If things go bad, serious problems may occur.
If it rains on Sunday, we won't go for a picnic.
What would you do if you had time next week.
If I had the chance to get the job, I would be very grateful.
If I'm not allergic to milk, I'll take a bath with milk.
If the weather is hot, you can bring your swimsuit to the beach.
If Tom's mother tell him story tonight, he would give her a hand in the garden.
If he starts talking about the past, you'll never get away from him.
If you want to go hiking or climbing, choosing the site is very important.
If go to England, I'll go to British Museum.
They will be very interested and have fun in visiting scenic spots and historic sites.
We can give you 10% off if you buy more than 1000 pieces.
If you need our products, please contact me in advance.
It may be cheaper if you buy things in the nearby supermarket.
If you go to France, you will learn French in a short time.
If you go to the party, you will meet the American boy.
What if you lose your passport?
If you don't like it, you can quit.
If there is no rain tomorrow, I will wear less.
It is good if it is sunny every day.
If I could go home once a year, that should be happy.
If there was no sunlight and water, we couldn't live.
If there was no cell phone, what would our life become?
If the old people feel tired, you can take rest for a few days.
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we'll go to the supermarket.
If the price is competitive, he can also sell several containers.
If the price can't be cheaper, I won't buy it.
If it's not troublesome, I want that blue one.
If Peter is sitting on the couch, his sister would sit next to him.
If you love her, please cherish her.
The relationship between people will be better.
The biggest mistake in life is to believe and rely on judgment of others on you.
People use it to record events.
People use science to understand the nature and transform nature.
Is hot water provided all day long?
Let me introduce my best friend to you.
Let's share my school life.
Let's think about the food.
Let me help you with your luggage.
What makes me confused is that the Chinese people are more introverted.
Let me introduce her basic information.
All family members being happy is the ultimate purpose.
Which is the best route to Central Park?
How to go to Central Park?
How much does it cost to go to the England to play?
Which bus should I take to the art gallery?
Going to summer camp can exercise ourselves.
How much does it cost to have an independent travel to Japan?
How much is the tourist class ticket to New York?
Last year, our school changed a lot.
How much does it cost to travel in America for half a month?
How long does it take to Headquarters of the United Nations?
Which bus to take to Union Station?
Please get ready of your luggage label?
Please sign here.
Please sign on the declaration form.
Please make sure that all the lights are turned off before you go to sleep.
Please arrive at the airport one hour earlier before the flight takes off.
Please take number and line up there.
Please leave your personal information on the exchange form.
Please get your boarding check here.
Please pick me up at 3 at the gate of Hilton Hotel.
Please go aboard at gate No. 2.
Please give me more cakes.
Please drive me to the airport.
Please allow me to introduce Mrs. Lee from the UK to you.
Please book a seat in the tourist class of this flight.
Please fasten the seat belt.
Excuse me, where is the nearest subway station?
Excuse me, do you have any interesting places here?
How long is the journey?
Excuse me, do you have any places of interests in your city?
Excuse me, is there a supermarket around here?
Excuse me, which is the most convenient road to Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Excuse me, where is better to play?
Excuse me, where to take the bus to the airport?
Excuse me, do you have the tour brochure?
Excuse me, can I order food now?
Excuse me, how can I get out the station?
Excuse me, which stop should I get off?
Excuse me, I want to go to America, where should I check in?
Excuse me, can I change the seat with you?
Excuse me, is this zone the centre of Taiwan?
Excuse me, where is the ticket office?
Excuse me, is it the through flight from New York to Beijing?
Excuse me, where is the fitting room?
Excuse me, where can I buy the ticket?
Excuse me, is Saint Peter's open today?
Excuse me, how to go to Taiwan Centre?
Excuse me, how to go to the Empire State Building?
Excuse me, do you know where I can eat sea food?
Excuse me, do you know where the place is on the map?
Excuse me, what's the name did you leave for the reservation?
Excuse me, how many tickets do you want to buy?
Excuse me, what do you want to drink?
How many plane tickets to Jeju do you want?
What kind of souvenir do you want to buy?
Could you tell me if you are on your own?
Do you want to buy local specialties?
Could you go there and pay?
Could you tell me where you are going?
Could you tell me where you are from?
Could you tell me your purpose of this trip?
Could you tell me where the police office is?
Excuse me, do you need a cup?
Could you tell me what tour routes you have?
Could you introduce some routes for me?
Can you come to the hotel I stay and pick me up?
When will you check out?
Could you tell me the exchange rate against Renminbi?
Could you recommend me some interesting routes?
Could you circle these sites on the map for me?
What else do you need?
Can you find me a Chinese translator?
Where is the super market?
Where can I get a free city map?
How can I go to the airport?
Is the tour guide free?
Is there a Western restaurant nearby?
Do you have a room for rent nearby, please?
Where is the subway station?
How much does the tour guide cost for one day? 
Can I see it after getting out of the subway station?
Where is the toilet?
Could you tell me how to get to the most famous scenic spot?
Please fill in this entry form.
Thirty minutes in advance, please.
Please put away your passport.
Please try it on.
Please wait a moment, I will call you back after I verify it.
Please let me have a look at your customs declaration form, okay?
Please tidy this desk up.
Please verify the bill.
Please show me your boarding pass, okay?
Can you find a tour guide who speaks Chinese?
Please send it to my room as soon as possible.
Please be polite to others.
Please draw me a map to Yuanshan Hotel, okay?
Would you mind telling me the way to Piccadilly Circus?
Can you tell me where I am now on the map?
Could you tell me how to go there?
Please tell me how to go back to my hotel from here.
Please don't do this, okay?
Can you open the bag and let me have a look?
Please look after your belongings.
Please tell me the time when you will check in as soon as possible.
Please reply to me as soon as possible.
Please ask a server to clean the room.
Please pay deposit of four hundred yuan.
Please verify your reserve mobile phone number.
Please give me the earliest ticket to London.
Please give me a sleeper ticket to Chicago.
Please give me a car ticket to New York.
Please give me a room that is not on the side of the road.
Please give me a sandwich.
Please give me a price list.
Please give me a glass of Oolong tea.
Please give me a smaller one.
Please give me two second-class express tickets.
Please give me a knife and a fork.
Please tell me what to visit here.
Please tell me the route there.
Please tell me the road to Lincoln Memorial Hall.
Please tell me the route to Paris.
Please tell me the value of the money you want to exchange.
Please tell me your name.
Please tell me where the Central Bus Station is, okay?
Please open your luggage.
Please give me more energy to help me complete this dream.
Please show me your passport and customs declaration form, okay?
Please show me your passport.
Please don't let her wait.
Please take good care of it and bring it back when you leave America.
Quiet, please.
Can you reserve a seat to Chicago tomorrow for me?
Please open the door for me.
Please wrap this pair of shoes for me.
Please take the luggage to my room.
Please put the luggage on the conveyor belt.
Please take my luggage to Room 315.
Please open your bag and let us check it.
Can you bring me that white T-shirt and let me try it on?
What they see is superior to what they hear.
Honey, everything is so fresh and fascinating.
Honey, you're so romantic.
There are two pictures on the wall.
He came to my house to talk with me the day before yesterday.
What is the reception phone number?
There are many romantic cafes in front.
The customer service center is right in front.
Qianfo Hill is a historic interest.
There was no one in the room at that time.
The development of the automobile industry can reflect a country's industrial level.
The car has not only advantages but also disadvantages.
Cars are made up of many different parts.
Penguin Parade is a scene in Phillip Island Nature Park.
One male student is preparing for a holiday to Hainan by plane.
In fact, I do not know that today is your birthday.
Apple juice tastes good.
You can get free refills for beer.
Can I get more discount if I buy in bulk?
Go to the supermarket with me.
Well, we will stay in a motel tonight.
Where is the ladies' room?
Can the one-way ticket from New York to Hong Kong be cheaper?
How much is one train ticket from Ningbo to Xi'an ?
Are you going to pay in cash, check, or by credit?
Where is the declaration form that you filled on the plane?
Have you finished your meal?
You should also go to the Sydney Aquarium to see unique Australian animals.
You should also go to the Australian Museum to learn about Australian culture.
Do you want economy class or first class?
Do you need me to take you there now?
You need to fill in the declaration form.
Do you need to withdraw money?
What drinks do you need?
What do you need?
You need a travel guide.
What kind of sea view room do you want to stay in?
Do you want a family room or a double room?
Do you want to buy some German beer?
Do you want to book a first class or an economy class ticket?
Will you check in now?
Do you want to buy souvenirs?
Do you want a one-way or round-trip plane ticket?
Are you here to travel?
Are you going to check out now?
Could you tell me the price of this?
Could you ask a porter to help me?
Can you help me take a picture?
Can you help me cash the traveler's check?
Can you put the luggage on the counter?
What is your purpose of coming to the United States?
How many times have you been to Bali?
You can go there by bus.
You can pay when you check out.
You can go to the self-service ticket machine to get the ticket.
You can go over there to buy the ticket after the normal time.
You can go to the airport to take the plane.
You can choose slowly.
Hello, this is your breakfast.
Hello, sir, can I help you?
Hello, sir, come in please.
Hello, I have booked a single room for one night at your hotel.
Hello, I want to reserve a private room.
Hello, I have come to deliver you the meal.
Hello, the dressing room is over there.
Hello, may I ask where you are two going?
Have you been to Sydney before?
You didn't show your credentials just now.
Have you made a reservation?
What is your occupation?
Your luggage is not lost.
You can get your luggage in 15 minutes.
Have you labeled your luggage?
Where is your ID card?
Your declaration form meets the requirements.
Where is your entry application form?
Your visa is valid for three months.
Your plane ticket is for tomorrow.
Which platform is your train at?
Where is your passport?
Your room is 603 on the sixth floor.
When is the return plane ticket that you want to buy?
All of your dishes are ready, could I serve the dishes now?
You have to transfer, there is no direct bus here.
You have to apply for a passport in advance no matter which country you are going.
How long do you plan to stay here?
How long do you plan to stay here?
What is the purpose of your visit?
You take the economy class.
Your flight has already landed safely.
The number you dialed is out of service.
You must confirm the seat again within 48 hours.
Did you have a tourist visa?
Are you uncomfortable when you take the plane?
What subject do you like best?
Do you want to buy souvenirs before leaving China?
Are you ready to start the first travel abroad in your life?
Do you need to go to the toliet halfway?
You are in the south of the mainland.
You have only one chance to do what you want.
You just have to carry a photocopy of your passport.
You have to put what you want in the car.
Do you know what size you wear?
Do you know how the current climate is in New Zealand?
Do you know where the fruit region is?
Do you know how much the museum entrance fee is?
You are really fascinated by those seals, aren't you?
I'm very grateful for what you did.
Is it dishonest for you to do so?
You can see the beautiful sceneries of the park here.
Are you going traveling by plane this time?
You can't find one cheaper than ours.
Why are you so careless?
You are in the middle of Pearl River Bridge.
I am jealous of the place you are in my heart.
You are in the back of their bookcase.
Are you at work?
Do you have a high salary there?
Do you like to read in your spare time?
When you travel abroad, do not lose the passport.
Are you a cashier or tally clerk in the supermarket?
Would you like to go to the movies with me?
Are you willing to go with us?
Would you like to help me wash the dishes?
Which country did you plan to go originally?
You booked our hotel.
You are childish.
Do you have Chinese magazines?
If you have a piece of cake, you need to share it with others.
Why don't you treat yourself better?
Did you bring cigarettes?
Did you bring alcohol?
Do you have an ID card?
Taking time to learn about the history of China is worthy.
Do you have extra charge?
How many pieces of baggage do you have to check in?
Do you have anything to declare?
You put the passport in the bag after using it.
Which way are you going to pay?
You should take a note of how you spend your pin money every month.
You should take Line 3 to go there.
You should pay attention to your valuables.
You should take care of the child's passport.
You'll have more leisure space in the future.
You must be in a hurry when you board the plane.
What do you usually do on the plane?
You have to cherish your passport as your life.
Do you want cash?
You can take it if you want it.
What color do you want?
You have to remember to look after your passport.
What kind of currency do you want to exchange?
Do you want a bag?
You should take part in sports or games.
You should put the passport and money separately.
You need to get your luggage at the counter.
You need a professional counselor.
Which product's quote do you need?
How much foreign currency have you brought?
Do you want a seat near the window or the aisle?
What kind of room do you want to book?
Would you like a cup of tea?
How much money do you want to exchange to yen?
Which country do you want to travel?
Do you want to go to watch the football match with me?
Do you want to try it on?
Do you want to eat dessert or fruit?
Do you want to eat French fries?
Where do you live now? Do you adapt to it?
Do you like to put honey in the milk?
Do you like to see those aquatic animals?
How many grams do you wish to be sent to you?
Why did you come to the UK?
Why don't you go home?
You said we would stay for three days in Chicago.
You are too late to say it.
Are you going to sign up for a tour group or travel on your own?
Did you lose your passport when you were travelling?
You are a punctual person.
You are a proud man.
You are a man who has a great contribution to the nation.
Are you a photographer?
Are you traveling on business or for pleasure?
You are so beautiful.
Are you going in July and coming back in August?
Which country are you from?
Didn't you put it in the schoolbag?
Did you regret meeting me in Kunming?
You try this.
You should pay attention to the matter as a manager.
Do you think the temperature will fall below zero tomorrow?
What do you think about the environment around you?
Do you think the newspaper should publish more good news?
Did you go to Chinatown?
You go to deal with the customs formalities for me.
Can you show me the way on the map?
Can you recommend a travel route to me?
Can you recommend some popular tourist routes?
Can you recommend some tourist attractions?
Can you recommend some good wine?
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
Could you recommend that kind of restaurant?
You will hear five questions totally.
Can you arrange us to take the earliest available flight to New York?
Can you communicate with the waiter?
Can you give me a tax refund form?
Can you tell me something about Acropolis?
Can you give me an invoice?
Can you tell me the best tour route?
Can you tell me the places of historic interest and scenic beauty here?
Can you tell me how to go to the Empire State Building?
Can you tell me how to fill out this form?
Can you tell me how to eat this?
Can you send me a price list?
Can you take me to travel in America?
Can you take care of my valuables for me?
Can you stop in front of the park?
Can you come back three hours later?
Can you sell it to me at a lower price?
How is the climate in your place?
How long are you going to stay in Singapore?
Do you support credit card consumption?
What is the most famous shopping center in your place?
Do you have tipping habits?
Do you have rooms at special price?
Do you have rice?
How much do you charge for a double room for one night?
Do you still have empty rooms?
Where are you? Give me your address.
Do you have shoes of this kind?
Do you have flights at about 10:00 to New York next Monday?
Have you bought the plane ticket yet?
Have your products had any samples tests?
When does your school plan for an outing?
Why do you like to travel so much?
Don't you have a cheaper one?
Can I also book your hotel online?
Your hotel is in the city, is it noisy?
Does your hotel have sea view rooms?
Is your hotel very quiet?
Do you have promotion activities today?
When do you close?
What else do you want to use?
What other places did you go?
How is the climate in your country?
Do you provide breakfast?
How is your budget travelling?
Do you offer a discount?
You don't play computer games at work hours.
How long do you watch TV every day?
How many cups of milk do you drink every day?
You didn't not carry any food, right?
You don't understand what I mean.
Don’t you feel uncomfortable due to the time difference?
Get out at once.
Your mother is my enemy.
Does your mother often ask you your situation in school?
Isn't our mother the oldest?
You push a car.
Come to report the number of current products.
Your oral English is good.
You can fly to the United States.
You can take any bus across the street, those buses go to urban areas.
You can go.
Here you can enjoy the sea view.
You can go to the service desk first,I don't know about it.
You can go to the lost and found office and ask.
You can buy two.
Can you order?
Can you come to our club to teach?
Can you turn on the air conditioner?
Do you think I should weigh my bag?
Have you seen my hat? It is a big blue hat.
What do you think of Sydney?
Do you think we can visit all places in one day?
Where do you have lunch often?
You enjoy the prowling large lion in the cage.
Can you go shopping with us tonight?
Did you miss me today?
There is a football under your foot.
What payment method will you use?
Who cooks dinner in your home?
Do you remember the last place where you put your passport?
You will be more popular among the opposite sex.
Do you have any way to make it up?
What else do you need?
Do you still remember?
Don't you tell me?
Do you have any left money after spending nine thousand?
Hello, how can I check out?
Do you prefer to take the plane?
You make a study plan for us.
Why are you so nervous?
How large is your house?
Your reaction is too slow.
How often do you go to visit your grandmother?
How often do you exercise?
What do you want to buy?
Did you fish any fish?
You are not good at English.
You made a great progress in your study, we are proud of you.
What is in your checked suitcase?
Is your luggage very heavy?
Your question is very abnormal.
Your personal space will be very small.
Your declaration form is not up to the standard.
When do you start the class?
The time limit for your visa is two weeks.
What is the time limit of your visa?
Have you got your visa?
Do your friends have classes on Sunday?
Your innermost being is strong enough.
Where is your hometown?
Where is your passport?
What is in your bag?
There are three cameras in your bag.
What is your purpose of coming to America?
Pick me up at RT-Mart.
Have you brought food?
How are you going to pay?
How long are you going to stay here?
How long are you going to stay?
When are you going to fly to Bali?
Are you going to stay longer?
Have you come back from Europe?
You look the same whatever you wear.
Do you rent or sell houses?
You were late for almost an hour.
Guess whose birthday it is today.
You should not talk to him like that.
Don't hold the passport all the time
Don't let the kid get the passport on his own.
Do not eat too many dumplings.
Don't you like our fruit salad?
Aren't you in Shanghai, why do you come to Guangdong?
You're not a baby any more.
Can't you slow down a little?
Don't lose the passport.
Do not always bother me.
Don't come, I'll go to Guiyang tomorrow.
You must check in at least one hour ahead of time.
You have to do it, the teacher gave you the task.
Help me see what time it is now.
You introduce a girlfriend to me.
Does your aunt love you?
Could you call a car for me?
Could you give me a free city map?
Could you give me a blanket?
Could you give me a tour manual?
Could you tell me what interesting places there are in this city?
Could you exchange some money for me?
It's not easy to support each other at this age.
Being your student is the proudest thing in my life.
Could you change my seat to one near the window?
Does it really end this way?
Do you believe him?
There is no gymnasium in the southern area.
Where is the male clothes counter?
Grandma went to work in the field.
What is that building?
We should try to adapt to things that we can't change.
Those foxes seem to be sleeping soundly.
Then I will make an offer to you first.
That's too good. Where are you going?
That shows that all people like him.
That is a pair of eagles from North America.
That is the center of the beautiful Blue Area.
That is Colorado River, if you are willing to, you can go downstream by boat.
That is a good place.
Then how many days do you need to help me find it?
Why did not you text me back?
Then did you buy a sleeper or seat ticket?
Then will you provide lunch?
Then you have to prepare a lot of delicious food and also adequate sleeping bags.
Then let's eat strawberries and apples together.
So what do you think caused the pollution?
That is our terminal stop.
How far is that place away from here?
The climate there is very hot.
That's like a sea cruise trip, it's that you are having the trip on land.
The fisherman caught a lot of fish.
The escaped prisoner is still at large.
You lost ten thousand Yuan on that watch.
Who threw the orange in?
There are many restaurants and cafes nearby.
There is a big cake.
Animal shows there are also very appealing.
There is a Chinese version of the guidebook.
Someone over there was talking, which influenced me when I was watching a movie.
There is a ticket office.
There is a food street beside that hotel.
Is there a leisure car in that train?
What train goes to Washington?
Where is the trolley?
Where is the city map?
Where can I buy souvenirs?
Take your receipt to the customer service desk.
Take it, this is your tip.
Did Motorola acquire Lenovo?
Tomorrow morning, I want to eat eggs.
We will fly home tomorrow morning.
Remember to wake me up tomorrow morning at nine.
Go to work tomorrow morning after nine.
We will go to the notary office tomorrow morning at eight.
Is there a flight to Paris tomorrow?
Tomorrow I want to go to Shanghai to eat.
Tomorrow I want to take you to several places, I'm sure you'll be interested.
Tomorrow I will get up at seven.
Tomorrow I can give you colorful pictures.
Will you still love me tomorrow?
Tomorrow there will be two games.
Tomorrow will be better.
Cotton is planted.
Cotton can be used to make cushions.
I'm always hurt in good times.
The US government is taking measures to prevent these things from happening.
The United States is a developed country.
The United States is a hegemonic country.
What's the population of America?
Every scientist is my friend.
Each lamp can be remotely controlled.
Each river has its upstream, midstream and downstream.
Every day, many patients go to see the doctor.
Tourists from all over the world come here to go sightseeing every year.
The fee is charged according to the government standards every year.
Behind every beautiful thing, there is hard work.
10 euro per piece, what do you think of that?
Every company charges the same.
Every time I come to Paris, I go to the Louvre.
Read only once every time.
My hand joint is painful every time when I have a cold.
Potatoes are 65 cents a pound.
Not having a mobile phone also has many benefits.
Having no mobile phone will increase opportunities for people to communicate face to face.
Having no mobile phone has both advantages and disadvantages.
No one can predict the future, so all things are possible.
Without you, I certainly will live well.
Is it true that I can't go back without my passport?
I can't fly aboard without my passport.
No pains, no gains.
Nobody answered the phone, he must be out.
Never mind, I'll pay in cash.
Mike said he wanted coffee.
Michael died, leaving three sons, two daughters and his wife, Elizabeth, behind.
You will get more discount if you buy two.
Marie has great ambition, she is eager to get ahead in her career.
Could you fill out this guest registration form?
Please pay a 400-yuan deposit.
Mom does not like to eat chicken.
Mom, I do not want to do homework.
Mom, eat some bread.
London, as a financial center, looks quite different from New York.
The tour projects include a visit to the Science Museum.
When traveling, will you walk or go fishing?
The tourism bureau is in the second building on the left.
Is the travel agency very far away from here?
You must understand the local customs and taboos before travelling.
What projects does the tour fee include?
You can get a free city map in the tourist center.
Pay attention to traffic safety on the way.
How long does it take on the road?
I give you my phone number, if there is no delivery, you call me.
Liu Xiaohong is a good helper.
Mr. Liu gave me an important task.
The other aspect should also be taken into account.
Surprisingly, he completed the work in less than one hour.
Lingling wears a blue and white hat.
Don't shop before boarding on the plane.
Learning more healthy habits is good for the body.
History is humbling.
The Chinese Han Dynasty which lasted for 400 years was established in 206 BC.
Bruce Lee's movie broke the Western stereotype of the Chinese people.
Li Ming went to play football instead of Linlin.
The teacher encouraged the boy to learn to draw and told him that he was unique.
The teacher will not refuse to answer your question.
Romantic movies are my favorite kind of movie.
People from all over the world come to Beijing to taste special food here.
Famous engravers from around the world are together to do the most perfect ice carving.
Be sure not to forget to bring an umbrella before coming to London.
Most visitors who come to London will visit the British Museum.
Be sure to try the French croissant when you come to France.
Come on, the concert will begin at seven o'clock tomorrow night.
Be sure to see the Eiffel Tower when you come to Paris.
Signing time is coming.
You are running late, go to school quickly.
Fast food does harm on people's health.
Take your clothes off quickly.
I am afraid there is no inventory.
I am afraid that the goods have been sold out.
Kong Fansen showed all the good qualities of a communist.
Please taking notes carefully in class.
Customers reflect that the coolant temperature is too high.
Can I take photos inside?
Can you tell me your name again?
Can you give me a bus route map?
Can you give me an introduction of scenic spots?
But you are talking loudly in public places.
But when I wanted to try a pair of shoes on, she became impatient.
Can you recommend a relatively cheap hotel to me?
May I see the menu?
Could you give me a glass of water?
Exams are stressful, partly because parents have high expectations.
Kang Meilian is applying lipstick.
Looking at the fallen leaves on the ground, I feel like entering a fairy tale world.
Watching too much television harms our eyes.
See which one you like, you can send screenshots to me.
It seems that making good plans for the family holiday is very important, so as to ensure that everyone is happy.
It seems that you need to learn.
It seems that you have a grievance.
It seems that you want bread.
It seems that no one can understand me.
Look at the price of these bean sprouts.
I can see that you had a good time today.
Look, this is my family photo.
Cabot Road is a famous tourist route in Canada.
The majority of the exhibition imitations can be bought here.
On Western-style fast food, my favorite is burger.
About ability, I'm sure he is qualified for this job.
Around San Francisco, what fun places are there?
On the ground floor of the hotel, there is a recreation center.
Is there a swimming pool in the hotel?
Where is the restaurant in the hotel?
The nine-year compulsory education is an education policy implemented in China.
The police are actively investigating.
The police immediately set out to find the missing girl.
The scenery is too wonderful, dear!
The manager attended the interview in person.
After a six-hour flight, I finally reached the United States.
Picking flowers in the garden is prohibited.
People are prohibited from entering his office.
Do you know myopia hazards?
Try to enjoy the goodness in life.
Although these books are expensive, there are still a lot of people come to buy.
Although I know that there is no result, I can't erase you from my memory.
Despite all our efforts, we still couldn't save his life.
Although it is cold and the wind is strong, sanitation workers are still working hard.
Despite their age difference, they still get along very well.
Although junk food is not healthy, many children like to eat it a lot.
Although she thought physics was very boring, she got the full mark.
Although many students like to watch animal shows, game shows are the most popular.
Only in terms of number, no one can match with him.
There will be a football match tonight.
Is this scenic spot open today?
It is very foggy this morning.
This morning after I woke up, I saw crows flying in the sky.
Although I got up early this morning, I missed the early bus.
What time did you go to school this morning?
An industrial injury happened this morning.
It turns cold again today, be sure to keep warm.
It is heavily foggy today.
Is there a plane ticket to Tokyo today?
Is the Museum of Art open today?
What project to do today?
It's sunny today.
I will come to the office to pick you up at five o 'clock this afternoon.
What time is the class this afternoon?
Today I have to work until ten o'clock in the evening.
Today I want to talk about my love and my future.
Today I come here mainly to sing a song for you.
Today I went to the Binjiang High School in Jiangsu Province.
The topic of my speech today is the star of love.
I won't come back today.
I helped my aunt today.
Let's go to the cinema this evening, okay?
Do you have time this evening? I'd like to invite you to dinner.
The weather of today is very good, I want to go out to play.
It's a fine and sunny Monday today.
Today is Tuesday, I'm really busy.
Today is December 28th, 2014.
I will go to school today.
Atmosphere is very good today, let's go swimming.
The heater doesn't work well today because it is being repaired, tomorrow it will be fine.
Today you won the lottery.
How are you today?
Thank you for your hard work today.
Will you come to my home today?
The drawings you gave today are very clear.
What do you eat today?
Will new goods be delivered today?
It's very tiring today, I hope tomorrow will be better.
Today's weather is very good.
Today's food is really delicious.
What are today's specials?
I flew to Hainan during the winter vacation this year.
The elder sister comes to help you.
She is introverted.
She won many honors for our country.
Why doesn't she like to eat ice cream?
When did she give you a call?
She was reading the book so intently that she didn't realize that someone came in.
They spoke too fast, I didn't understand.
She didn't come home because she wasn't free.
She is like the seasoning bottle in life.
It remains fresh in her memory.
She hasn’t decided to go or not.
She left us a very bad impression.
She was feeling a little sick, so she went back to the bedroom, lied down and had a rest.
Her singing is beautiful.
She doesn't like to eat vegetables.
She is not good at expressing her emotions.
The show lasts 180 minutes.
Play a movie next.
The reception site is just in front.
Teach me some simple English.
The professor compiled a long bibliography to us.
Ask your mother to come to the railway station to wait for me.
Change the 100-yuan note to five 20-yuan notes.
Where is the ticket entrance?
Where is the ticket entrance?
If I could go back in time, I would still choose you.
Can the price be lower?
Stuff at home is free for you to use.
Parents should give children more attention.
Since you like that picture, I will change it.
Remember these and then you will not make a mistake.
Diseases have something to do with bad habits.
Jim asked his family condition on the phone.
Jim is a capable man, after all, he received a good education.
Or you can take a taxi which will take directly there.
Maybe we can go sightseeing first and then go shopping.
How long will the train stay here?
I want to buy food before going back.
Environmental pollution is a social problem.
Are there any sleeper tickets?
What interesting places are there that we've never been to?
Is there any cheaper package?
There are other reasons.
Welcome to Zhuhai again.
Welcome to the United States.
Welcome to China.
Welcome to the British Museum.
Welcome to our hotel.
What's the weather like in Washington today?
You are in big trouble if you lose your passport.
What to do if I lose my passport?
The Internet is the biggest information base.
The Internet helped me a lot.
The lake water is crystal clear, the water temperature is pleasant, and it’s a natural bathing place.
Carrot is a healthy food.
The red light was on, the taxi had to stop.
Very pleasure to serve you.
It's a pity that I don't have enough money to buy the old hen.
Unfortunately, I did not book the plane ticket from Shanghai to Taipei.
The original passport is rarely used.
It's my honor to serve you.
It is hard for me to pity people who are mean to others.
Many people think that obesity is cause by overeating and pressure.
Many people become slaves of mobile phones.
Sorry, there are no empty seats now.
Sorry, we don't have it.
Sorry, your luggage is overweight, they need to be checked.
Spending the weekend with my family is a very happy thing.
Chatting with you is very boring, it is a waste of time, it is better to go to sleep.
Why don't you join in our summer campus for next week?
Reasonable price can give you quality guarantee.
Okay, you can close your luggage now.
Okay, I accept this favorable price.
Okay, thanks a lot. I am clear now.
Will the plane take off on time?
The flight number is LP74682.
Papermaking technology was invented in the Han Dynasty.
How much is one hamburger?
It's cold outside, there are three little birds waiting for their partners.
There are many swimming suit stores beside the beach.
Kids, you help yourself with some chicken.
The kid probably lost the passport.
Kids don't know the importance of passports.
Children must be back before 4 o 'clock.
Harbin is a beautiful city of ice and snow.
The ice and snow festival is held in Harbin every 3 years.
What day is it on the Spring Festival?
Look carefully before you cross the road.
I may have to go to Fuzhou to help again in a few days.
What are the procedures of going through customs?
Square dancing is not only entertainment and fitness dance for the old, they can also meet more people through it.
About the dessert, I want to eat authentic French cakes.
When customers make an order, they should clearly tell the waiter what they need.
Can I get a discount for buying group tickets?
You need an ID card to buy a plane ticket.
There are a total of 26 English letters.
Cherish and maintain the hard-won peace and stability in Asia.
I am very happy during this period of time with you.
Give me an earliest plane ticket.
Give me a dozen bottles of beer.
Change my room to one with windows.
Give me a discount.
I am really sorry for serving you the wrong dish.
Give you the quotation of our products.
The tip for the usher depends on the amount of the luggage.
It's equally important to give her spiritual care and material guarantee.
I am telling you, I want to go to the city.
Thank you for helping us to learn English.
The policy is playing an increasingly important role in promoting local economic development.
Is there anything interesting nearby?
Officials responsible for the investigation have come.
Please go there to pay.
The waiter doesn't understand my words.
The server will send the breakfast ticket to your room.
Madam, do you like this kind of clothes?
The wind is blowing gently, the flowers are dancing lightly.
No matter how beautiful the scenery is, it is not mine.
The fee is already included in the entrance ticket.
The fee is 80 dollars one day.
I'm very glad to come to the University of New South Wales.
I'm very sorry that all plane tickets have been booked.
Is the dinner free on the plane?
Is there a magazine on the plane?
I don't think food provided on the plane is delicious.
You can't carry liquid on plane.
The plane will land soon.
The plane is about to arrive in New York, I wish you a pleasant journey.
Will the takeoff time of the plane be delayed?
The plane has just arrived in Beijing.
Play a piece of quiet music.
Shall we go to play basketball after school?
Please come home immediately after school. Pay attention to traffic safety on the road.
Put hot water in a blender.
Stuff in the house is free for you to use, please do not destroy.
Let's have a walk beside Seine after dinner.
Anyway, I quit.
It's best to reflect the fact.
Don't have too high expectations on things.
Where is the Embassy of France?
And recently I feel so lonely.
What a touching story.
It's good for your health to eat more grains and fruits.
How long can I get there?
Square dancing is easier to be accepted for the elderly.
For us, it's very easy to finish the task on time.
Sorry, this card cannot be used.
I'm sorry, is this the Eastern Airlines counter?
I'm sorry, I'm not a native either.
I'm sorry, I'm a loser.
Sorry, we have been fully booked.
I'm sorry, I do not speak Mandarin.
Sorry, your luggage is overweight.
Sorry, egg tarts are also considered as food.
How much is the ferry fee?
It's risky to drive on your own, it's bad for our and others' safety.
What are the advantages of independent thinking?
How much is one jin of bean sprouts?
What tour routes are there?
Don't talk, listen to me.
A new friend came to the zoo.
In winter, the temperature here is mostly around 20 ℃ to 30 ℃ below zero.
In winter, the unemployment rate has a rising trend.
People in the east Asian region worship the moon while westerners believe in the sun.
The movie is released.
The computer is connected to the mobile phone abnormally, it needs to be repaired.
I had crush on you the first time I saw you.
How to go to the fifth avenue?
Fifth Avenue and Central Park are major tourist attractions in New York.
The Empire State Building is one of the world's most famous skyscrapers.
The Empire State Building has many tourists every day.
The earth moves around the sun.
I'll chat with you when you have time.
You will know when you marry me.
Another boy will come later.
How many stops are there to go to the central street?
When we arrive, I'll remind you to get off.
The meeting is still continuing at three o'clock in the afternoon.
Come to my house for tea.
I didn't wake up until hearing the alarm clock ring.
How long does it take to fly to Phuket Island?
It's time to have lunch.
Which flight should I take to go to Hainan?
Go to the negative first floor to find a shop assistant.
The director is young, but he is very famous.
When I was thinking about what to do, he gave me a call.
When I am short of money, I will usually pay with credit card.
When the sun rises, I have revived with the earth.
When he came home, he found the house had been broken into.
I was shocked then.
I didn't care at that time.
Of course. The Grand Canyon is God's masterpiece. No one can make this stuff.
Of course, I need to go to water the trees often, too.
Of course, the dressing room is over there.
Of course, there is the largest natural ski resort in the northeast—Yaboli ski resort.
When you are free, spending time on understanding Chinese history is worth it.
When you are going to take part in the game, many people will cheer for you in front of the TV.
When you drive, you must pay attention to the traffic rules.
When you don't rent the house, you will get the deposit back.
When we saw a shark swimming above our head, we felt really excited.
Does the local place produce wine?
The local airline staff will inform you.
But it ultimately ended in failure.
But now I don't understand what it means.
But I'm about to go to bed.
But I won't give up.
But his achievements are much more than this.
But comparing with the busy high school, I really prefer a life full of struggle.
But I always can't achieve the ideal effect.
But I can only speak a little English.
But I also feel sorry that you can't attend it.
But if you become a very famous athlete, many people will pay attention to you.
Is there a duty-free shop in Charles de Gaulle airport?
Do you charge for the bags?
How much is one bag?
Sir, your car is lost.
University will kill people's will.
Everyone thinks highly of his artistic talent.
There is a big cake on the ground.
Most of the students surf the Internet for entertainment rather than learning.
Open your book and turn to page 15.
How much does it cost to go to the city center by taxi?
How to get to the railway station from here?
How long does it take to go from here to the nearest station?
Has Flight CR451 flying from Singapore reached?
Never forget the first time when I met you.
I have eaten nothing from dinner time.
From twelve to one o'clock is lunch time.
From the above, you can see the panoramic view of the city.
It costs only 240 Yuan to go from Qingdao to Guangzhou by train.
Which is the fastest way from New York to Washington?
As soon as you board the luxury bus, everything is arranged for me.
It takes only two hours to fly from Nanjing to Taipei.
Take the bus from the airport to the bus station first.
Can you take care of my valuables for me?
The Spring Festival is one of my favorite holidays.
The ship is about to leave, let's board.
Legend has it that the moon is the biggest and roundest on August 15 in the lunar calendar.
It feels a little better to wear socks.
You will get there after cross that park in front.
In addition to clothes for changing, what else should I bring?
Come out and meet me.
What things should I pay attention to when I travel abroad?
Smoking is bad for your health.
You can also board the plane smoothly with an electronic plane ticket.
Eating too many sweets can cause serious health problems.
Passengers must check in 45 minutes before flight departure.
What places can I visit in the city?
To become an athlete is a very glorious thing.
Adults should learn how to reasonably arrange things.
Success is effort plus sweat.
Smoking, carrying food and drink are forbidden in the field.
Is the size of the workshop correct?
I will become a teacher when I grow up.
Elders will give lucky money to the younger generations. 
Does the meal fee include the tip?
To participate in recreational activities can make old men's later life more fulfilling.
Do I need an appointment to visit the White House?
How long does it take to walk there?
Does the layout meet customer requirements?
I don't know where I will go in the future days.
I don't know if there is something wrong with the quality of this batch of goods or there are other reasons.
I don't know why she is always so selfish.
Don't know why.
Don't talk loudly in public places.
Don't forget to bring the book to him.
Don't ask for trouble.
Don't lie on the ground on your stomach.
Don't run around.
Shameless people are still smiling.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't wait for Tony.
Do not worry, we will arrive soon.
Don't play games.
Do not put your passport and wallet together.
No, my leg hurts.
You can't ignore those bad things only in order to broadcast good news.
The price can't be lower.
There is no trouble, I will go get it for you.
Whether you learn well, always remember to be dedicated heart and soul.
You won't feel happy for getting without any labor.
You can't go fishing in the river.
Soon you will come to China, I think you must be very excited.
No, I will go back in twelve days.
Sorry, this is my seat.
Excuse me, miss, you cannot put the luggage here.
Sorry, I didn't understand.
I know you will be here anyway.
No matter who wants to stay in the hotel, he has to pay.
No, thanks. That seems too dangerous.
Is the museum open today?
When is the museum open?
Is the museum free to the nonlocal visitors?
There is a dinosaur skeleton on the ground floor of the museum.
Patients are my everything.
Ice sculptures are an art form of which the main material is ice.
Ice sculpture is one of the features of Harbin.
Did it rain in Binzhou today?
Come on, make the price lower.
Don't ever do that again.
Don't seduce him anymore.
Don't parrot me, okay?
Do not try to cheat me, I know what's what.
Don't get me wrong, I am your sister-in-law.
Stop talking.
I don't like other people's stuff.
Don't go for wealth, it will dissipate.
Don't be afraid, you have me.
Don't be sad.
Don't leave me.
Don't talk to me about feelings.
Don't mess up.
Don't worry, we still have some apples.
Do not worry, your luggage will be transferred to your destination.
Don't worry, the animals are very friendly.
The wall lamp has only one color.
Must I have an ID card to check in?
We must take immediate measures to control air pollution.
Such as the support of parents, friends' encouragement, teachers' instruction and so on.
The nose is yellow.
Don't mention it, feel free to say whatever you need.
There are more than 200 categories of private collection in this city, accounting for half of the national antique varieties.
There are a lot of collections and exhibitions in this museum.
All exhibits in this museum should be protected with cautious, so you are not allowed to take photographs.
This train goes to Guangzhou South Station.
This product has absolutely no additives.
What is the position of Beijing on the map?
It's ten o'clock in Beijing.
How to go to Beijing Road?
I'm sorry I cannot help.
Sorry, I am not local either.
Sorry, we do not provide breakfast.
Sorry, all suites are already booked.
The report has come out.
Paul watches TV every evening.
Baby, you are the one I depend on in my life.
Baby, when will you come back?
Baby, don't get angry.
Help me to find the best movie.
Help me to find a few photos of beauties.
Send it for me.
Order a song for me.
Light a cigarette for me.
Check out.
How long will the flight be delayed?
Search it on Baidu, you will know it.
I can't search it on Baidu.
Mom and dad, don't quarrel.
Dad, I wish you a safe trip.
Dad, you don't have to worry about me.
Bring me my milk.
Hands up.
Power your mobile phone off.
Give me your address.
Close the door.
Put another slice of bread on top.
Put the turkey in the hot oven.
Spill ketchup on them.
Turn off the TV.
Where is the parking lot for buses?
Eighty dollars, we can only give you this price.
Have a meeting at eight o'clock.
Which year did the Olympic Games begin?
Obama is the President of the United States.
Is Obama black?
How many people are there in Obama's family?
According to your requirements, I will make you another offer.
Shinzo Abe is Japan's prime minister.
There is no right or wrong in love.
Aili has a pair of black shorts.
Depart from the Hilton at half past eight.
March 8th is her birthday.
2200 Yuan is a deposit, when you don't rent a house, it will be returned to you.
Today mobile phones are becoming more and more common in the 21st century.
In 1990, I was still young.
15 years later, my habit will get better.
On November 4th, the wind was blowing and it was raining heavily.
The Liz Murray Story is a good movie.