I come from Xiamen.
Lin Daqiang went to Sanya on vacation and he was very excited about the trip.
I have arrived in Shangri-La. 
I went to Huanglong Cave.
How many times have you been to Yancheng Museum of Science and Technology?
I'm going to Grand Canyon of Las Vegas.
Hello, I am in Anhui. 
I'm not very familiar with Linpu.
Have you ever been to Shenzhen? 
Tangshan in China is also good.
I am in Ya'an, Sichuan.
Did you have a good time in China? 
I know a lot of customers from Iran.
Is India's population still growing rapidly? 
I need to transfer to a plane to Denver.
Is there any interesting place in Zhoushan.
But I'm not from Guangdong but from Hunan 
I have to work hard to have an access to work in PWC.
How do you know that I am travelling in Korea? 
I'm going to Tuxi this afternoon.
Will the cost be high if you study in Holland? 
When was the new Old Summer Palace built? 
How long will it take me to get to Bondi Beach by taxi? 
I am in Jinsha, Macao.
Who is John going to Beijing with? 
He will go to Lishui.
I will go to Beijing Capital Airport.
How far is it from Yunnan to Kunming?
Professor Jackson, an American professor at Zhongshan University, will give us a lecture.
My mother is Teacher Wang of Beijing Boyong Education Technology Co. Ltd..
IFLYTEK is the first listed company set by college students who are not graduated in China.
You will like London. 
Hello, I want to go to Chinatown. 
I am a student of Shenzhen Second Senior Technical School.
I am in Chaoyang District, Shantou, Guangdong.
The weather in Yinchuan is very hot. 
You can deliver it to No. 986, west Xingye Road, Nancun Town, Panyu District, Guangzhou City.
The United States has a competition with China, Europe and Russia.
It is named as Yanshi Mountain because there were many immortals gathering at the top of the mountain in the legend.
I want to buy two train tickets to Qianshan. 
He works in the Law Enforcement Team of the Administrative Law Enforcement Bureau, Zhabei District.
It's only two hours' drive from here to Changsha.
We work in China Telecom Group Limited Company.
How many times have you been to Hefei?
Pakistan is a good friend of China.
It's 19 to 20 degrees in Panjiang tomorrow.
This is a photo of the Rathaus of Nurnberg.
I was born in Los Angeles, USA.
How far is it from Pingxiang to Beijing?
I took the children from Xinjiang around our campus.
We went to Hangzhou Park and Lingyin Temple next day.
Are you going to Shanghai Railway Station?
I live in Xiaguan District, Nanjing, Jiangsu.
Season of North American are on the contrary to ours.
My address is Room 701, No.13, Longxue Road, Nansha District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province.
I am studying in Seoul.
I suggest you go to Yiwu. 
I don't go to Tianyang.
Chana Auto Co. Ltd is very famous.
These Chinese have played a very important role in the construction of Xinjiang Port.
I'd like to go to Buckingham Palace. 
Hello, I'm Michael from Canada.
My hometown is Suide County, Yulin City, Shaanxi Province.
I work in Qinling Cement Co.,Ltd. in Shaanxi.
What language do people speak in Saudi Arabia?
Spratly Islands will be a charming tourist city in the future.
Shall we go to Guangzhou Chimelong Water Park? 
Shaolin Temple is in my hometown. 
Have you been to Ningxia? 
I am from China and I am going to Florida. Nice to meet you.
I come from Jiuhua Mountain of Anhui.
Do you live in Hubei now? 
The Great Wall is one of the eight wonders of the world, and it is the longest man-made building in the world.
The Summer Palace was listed as a world heritage site.
The World Cup in Spain in 2002 deeply affected me.
This is the new curriculum standard of the Ideology and Morality of Jiangxi People's Publishing House.
I come from Jiangsu Vocational College of Business.
This is my last morning in Boston.
Hengyang, I love you.
Why didn't you have a good time in Chongqing? 
I haven't been to Algeria yet.
I live in Gutian Village, Yudu County, Ganzhou City, Jiangxi Province.
I live in a small town on the left bank of Paris.
There is a beautiful place in the North China Plain, Baiyangdian.
I am going to Phoenix Mountain today.
Why are you in Weishan, Yunnan since you are from Guangxi?
How can I get to Melbourne from here?
This is Xinyi People's Court in Guangdong province.
Are you going to Haikou?
Welcome to Wenchang City in China.
My wife has been to Hong Kong.
I just want to know something about Indonesia's houses.
I am a student of the Science Department in Sichuan Agricultural University.
You can go to Bali for your honeymoon.
We went to Qinghai by train. 
This is No.1, Tong Fu Bridge, Panjiabang Village, Xinteng Town, Xiuzhou District, Jiaxing City.
Jiangxi is to the west of Fujian. 
I want to go to Hunan University of Science and Technology. 
I like Dubai very much.
But I'm more interested in watching pandas in the Wolong Panda Reserve.
I will have a meeting this afternoon in Anping.
I'm going to the Embassy of China in the Sultanate of Oman. Can you help me? 
I have been to Phoenix Groove today.
Paris is famous for Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysees. 
I'm going to Dongzhimen, Beijing.
How to go to the Fenhe Park? 
I will go to Meizhou to get something for my colleague and after that I will come back.
My hometown is Nanyang.
The museum is located on the corner of Xinhua Street and Chang'an Avenue.
I am from Changchun, Jilin. 
I am from Xianyang, Shaanxi. 
Welcome to Luliang Colorful Sand Forest.
Did you buy a house in Tongzhou? 
My teacher went to Hengshui High School so I don't have extra lessons again.
It's free to ride a bike to Zhangjiakou.
We are now going to Yintai.
I had been born in Guangning and grew up in Shenzhen.
We will take a flight to Chengdu.
The autumn is coming in Xingtai. 
I graduated from Shanxi Polytechnic College. 
I come from Lanzhou.
Which city of California are you in? 
There are many family hotels in Rizhao.
I am in Su Ning to buy a mobile phone. Where are you?
Lebanon's houses are so beautiful. 
I invite you to visit Langfang in August.
I like Yantai, a beautiful coastal city, very much.
I will go to Lianjiang Shanghai Katie Pump Industry Limited Company today. 
I will go from Binzhou to Wudi. 
How to return to Meizhou from Guangzhou?
I'm going to take part in the summer camp in Quyang.
I will go back to Shaoguan on the Tomb Sweeping Day. 
Washington is the capital of the United States. 
Yunnan is a province of China. 
I'm in Room 502, No. 18, Kennedy Street, New York.
You can run two laps on Binjiang Road.
Are you going to Dongguan for work?
But I can't pick you up at Xiaoshan Airport. Can you understand? 
I am in Hefei Hongrui Heavy Machinery Co.,Ltd..
I am in Yuyao now.
It's raining in the hometown today. Anyone who wants to go to Yixian please contacts with me.
I went to Guide today.
I want to travel to Maldives.
Why is your uncle here in Changzhou?
I made a reservation at the Hilton Hotel in Canada.
She graduated from Beijing Normal University after 4-year study.
He was born in Urumqi in Xinjiang.
My name is Lv Pinglong, and I work in Hangzhou Meiguan Network Technology Co.,Ltd..
I am working for Ping An Insurance Company of China.
I went to Tokyo by flight two days ago. 
I am in Xinan Town, Wuyang County, Luohe City, Henan Province.
I am in Lingyang Town, Juxian County, Rizhao City, Shandong Province in China.
My name is Zhang Danqiong. I come from Wansheng Economic and Technological Development Zone in Chongqing.
Jiamusi Middle School is a big and beautiful school.
They both once studied at Alberta University in Canada.
Welcome to Wanyuan in Sichuan, China. 
My dear friends, I have just arrived in Eiffel Tower in Paris, France.
Excuse me, how can I get to First Avenue of London? 
We went to the Royal Park. 
What are you doing in Nanning? 
Let's go shopping in Macao. 
Ukraine is far from here.
I am in Panjin Yuanyang Logistics Co.,Ltd. 
We've all been to Lianhe Square and Jinmen Park.
MGM is one of the five major film companies in Hollywood. 
I want to go to Vietnam.
I am in Chaoyang Teachers College.
I live in Room 1101, Building A, Spring Home in Zhangzhou.
He's traveling in Italy.
Hello!  How do I get to Xidan? 
I'm going to Xinghua tomorrow. 
I am from Caoxian in Heze City, Shandong Province.
I travelled to Qinghai.
I graduated from Wuhan Social Professional College.
It is going to snow in Jinzhou. 
We are now at Longxiang Bridge.
It happened in Putian, Fujian. 
Autumn is the best time to visit Xiangshan Park.
I am now in Muzi Village, Taole Town. 
But I have never been to Falmouth. 
I have been to Changbai Mountain. There are many secrets.
I am in Henan Mechanical and Electrical Vocational College.
I am in Room 19E, Building 1, Shenkang Village, Futian District, Shenzhen.
Thailand is a Buddhist country. 
My father often goes to Tianjin by train.
I am in Kunming Tenth Middle School.
I am in the Call Center of China Life Insurance Company in Zhejiang Province.
Hainan Island is at the southern tip of China.
Do I need to apply for a visa to Welsh?
I am in Shanghai Xingcheng Hotel Management Limited Liability Company.
Dr. Cooper of American Motorola Company was is first one to invent the cellular phone.
Are you Yang Yongqing from Huangni Middle School?
I come from Xiamen Business and Tourism University.
He is in Jixian County, Tianjin. 
I study in Qidong Vocational School.
There lies Yellow River behind the house of my grandmother.
I study in Chaoyang Second Middle School.
I'll go to Wuyi Mountain in a few days.
I really regret not going to Shanghai Theater Academy.
I have been to the Imperial Palace Museum. 
How beautiful Huangshan Mountain in China is!
In Spain, people tend to have dinner at 10 o'clock.
I want to go to Liaoning Medical University.
I know Yuelu Mountain.
I am working for Jiuquan oil and gas transmission branch.
I live in Room 402, No.64, Lane 628, Jufengyuan Road, Baoshan District, Shanghai.
I live in Xi'an City, Shaanxi Province.
I have to return to Liuzhou for EEP for HongKong and Macao if I want to go there.
I work at Katie Industrial Zone, Baisha Town, Yingde City, Guangdong Province.
Why do you want to go to Sydney?
I live in Maying Town, Weibin District, Baoji City, Shaanxi Province.
I'm at Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
How long have you been in Nantong?
I work in the Second People's Hospital Liangshan, Xichang City, Sichuan Province, China.
We hope to go to the Pacific Ocean.
The Huangguoshu Waterfall is one of the most famous waterfalls in the world.
Qing, where are you working now? Are you still in Wuxi?
I'm asking why you plan to go to Xuchang.
I went back to Dunhua the third day.
I am in Ruihong Town, Yugan County, Shangrao City, Jiangxi Province.
Will the phone be used in Israel?
I work for Kexin Property Management Co., Ltd. In Yantai Development Zone
Your hometown isn't in Tibet, is it?
My home is in Tushi Town of Lanshan County in Hunan Province.
Hello, I am Chen Yongping and I come from Heze, Shandong Province of China.
I want to take a flight from Beijing to Baoan Airport.
I'm going to the Grand Canyon.
I'd like to visit Tiananmen Square.
Greater Khingan Mountains are covered with pieces of snow.
I'm going to Manhattan.
My wife is from Baoji City in Shaanxi Province.
Do you know any girls in Brazil? Introduce them to my elder brother.
I like to travel to Argentina in March.
How beautiful the sea in Nice of France is!
I live in No. 888, Yizhou Avenue, High-tech Zone in Chengdu City.
I'm planning a trip to Boracay in Philippines on July 18th, 2016.
Harbin is known as the City of Ice.
In the 1920s, the British developed the Kowloon Tong Garden City whose streets were named after British places.
I am surnamed Su from Foshan Golden Sunshine Technology Company.
I will go to Dali tomorrow.
Do you know how to get to Nanchang?
I come from Jinjiang, China.
I took a tour of the Huangpu River by boat.
Do you know how to go to Yanji?
I work in Hangzhou Xiolift Co., Ltd.
I work for Shanghai Far East International Bridge Co., Ltd..
Do you attend Changsha Medical University?
People have become intoxicated and satisfied with the night scene in Dalian.
I'm going to Tongren County tomorrow.
Are you in Chengde City now?
I am studying at the Department of Chinese Language and Literature of Yangquan Specialized School.
I am in Henan now.
When will you come to Penang?
I'm shopping at Xinjiekou in Nanjing now.
I am now working in Shenzhen but my hometown is Maoming.
I am in Wangjiawan, Hanyang.
Romania is a very beautiful country.
Paris is famous for the Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysees. 
I am a student from Jinzheng Middle School in Grade 8.
Lhasa is at a high altitude.
It is said that Cangshan and Erhai are very beautiful.
I want to go to Lijiang for romance as well.
I am an employee of China Academy of Cement Design and Research Institute.
Has the subway been opened in Jiaxing, Zhejiang?
County of Panan in Zhejiang Province also has obtained high GDP.
Nanjing has many renowned universities such as Nanjing Forestry University.
Germany is a developed industrial country.
The Swiss watch is very famous.
Welcome to Qingjiang Middle School when you are free.
Hello, I come from China and my name is Liao Xueying. I live in Lichuan City, Hubei Province of China.
My tutor is the director of the Department of Film and Television, College of Arts and Communications, Shenzhen University.
Could you tell me how to go to California?
I am a student of Handan Vocational & Technical School.
I like London Bridge.
I'd like to visit the Mutianyu Section of the Great Wall.
We went to Zhongshan Park yesterday.
There's Xiaoling Tomb of the Ming Dynasty here.
I only have a limited amount of time in Hebi City, Henan Province.
I want to go to Handan City tomorrow.
Hello, I'm in Gaohong Town.
My daughter is a postgraduate student at Columbia University.
We took a trip to Taihu Lake yesterday.
What are you going to do in Puyang?
Are you in Ziyang?
Are you still in Fuyang?
Have you ever seen Leshan Giant Buddha?
Sichuan is a mountain city.
My home is in the Dabie Mountain Area.
We are now standing on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau.
The Potala Palace in Tibet is so beautiful.
The Tarim Basin is one of the largest basins in China.
The freighter will come through the Bering Strait.
Do you like the grandeur of Colosseum?
The hot-air balloon in Turkey is world-known.
The workbook is published by the Lianyungang Press.
Do you know Huanggang High School?
My roommate is a graduate of Maotanchang Middle School.
Peking University and Tsinghua university are both recognized as top universities in China.
Leehom  Wang graduated from Columbia University.
Have you ever heard about the Ivy League in the U.S.?
The night streaking is held for students before final exams at Harvard University every year.
Cambridge University is a relatively free school.
I am a worker in Sichuan Hydropower Engineering Investigation CO., Ltd..
The dispute over Huangyan Island has aroused great concern.
Weihai is the most suitable city for human beings to live in.
I am in Wanjia Shopping Center in Chaoyang.
The movie will be on in Wanda Studio of Tai'an.
The landscape of Guilin is considered to be the best in the world.
Huaqing Hot Spring is a tourist attraction in Xi'an.
Hunan University is located at the foot of Yuelu Mountain.
Mao Zedong studied in Yuelu Academy.
Awaiting is named after a classical Chinese poem.
The tide of Qiantang River becomes the focus of public attention every year.
The special landform of Sichuan Basin creates a humid and rainy climate in Sichuan.
Have you ever been to Phoenix Town?
People have always been fascinated by the unique Miao culture in western Hunan.
The Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region is a gathering place for ethnic minorities.
Shapotou in Ningxia has now developed into a tourist spot.
Fengyang in Anhui Province is characterized by the flower-drum opera.
Reform and opening up began in Xiaogang Village in Anhui Province.
The capture of the Luding Bridge by the Chinese People's Liberation Army has been regarded as immortality. 
Dabie Mountain Area is very famous for spring water.
The Terracotta Army Of Emperor Qin's Mausoleum, a historical site, is located in Xi'an City, Shaanxi Province.
I live in Changlang Town, Xinjian County, Nanchang City, Jiangxi Province.
I'm planning to visit Malaysia.
Welcome to Anyang City, Henan Province in China.
I am waiting for you in Guizhou.
I am now in Shucheng.
Americans had meant to assimilate China by means of McDonald's and KFC.
There is also the strawberry sales center in Dandong City.
I will go to The industrial technology School of Suzhou Industrial Park by bullet train tomorrow.
I'm going to go on vacation to Qingdao this summer.
Has your package been delivered to Ji'nan?
It takes a long time to go from Feidong to Feixi.
Are you still in Jilin?
I live on the Xinjie Avenue, Xinhua Town, Huadu District of Guangzhou City.
I have been to Beijing Botanical Garden by car.
You should get off at the Zhujiang New Town Station.
I come from Poyang City of Jiangxi Province in China.
I am in Xiamen film and television city.
How can I get to Phuket Island?
I currently live in Crowne Plaza in Foshan City.
I want to see my children in Ningbo.
Is China 4 hours ahead of Dubai?
I'm going to take exams in Jiangmen .
I will go back to work Jinhua from Taizhou the day after tomorrow .
I am a student of the Second Technical School of Zhanjiang.
We went to Jiangyan together.
You have to cancel your telephone number in the China Mobile business hall before you leave.
Montreal is very fascinating.
I am currently studying at Suzhou Higher Vocational and Technical School.
It will take 180 yuan to go to Tangkou of the Huangshan scenic area from here.
The Mississippi river is great.
I'm going to Baiyun Airport. 
I'm going to appreciate peach blossomes in Longquan Mountain tomorrow.
I plan to go to Chicago in America.
I want to go back to Shaoyang.
He was born in San Francisco, California, America.
Where is Mount Qingcheng?
There are Koreans selling tea in Jiaozuo.
I study at the Jiezhen Middle School.
I want to go to the Xianghu. Could you come with me?
You can go to Ji'nan railway station from Beijing first.
Have you been transferred to Fuzhou alone?
I am from Class 1, Grade 9 of Puyang No.7 Middle School.
I will transfer at Charles De Gaulle International Airport in Paris
Mount Tai runs through the eastern part of Shandong Province.
He comes from Xinshao County, Shaoyang City, Hunan Province.
I am working in China National United Oil Company.
I am a member of China Ship Research and Design Center.
I want to travel to Jiangxi.
I am in Wuxi COFCO Construction Waterproof Co. ltd..
I live in Huangyuan County, Xining City, Qinghai Province.
I've been working in BYD for 5 years.
I began to wark in Huawei in 2000.
May we take a boat to Bondi Beach on Xining Circular Quay?
The Great Hall of the People is a magnificent building.
The flag-raising ceremony takes place at Tian'anmen Square every Monday.
Zhongnanhai is a place where Chinese leaders work.
Yellow Sea is a part of China Seas.
Bohai Sea belongs to China.
Li Hongzhang's former residence is a popular attraction here.
Have you ever been to enjoy red maple leaves in Fragrant Hills?
Qixia Temple in Nanjing is very famous.
There is Shushan Forest Park in Hefei.
Huiyuan is a park gathering all Anhui features.
My home is located at the crossroad between Qianshan Road and Jinzhai Road.
Entry to the Nanjing Massacre Memorial in Nanjing is free.
Have you ever been to Lion Grove in Suzhou?
The art of landscape gardening was adopted in the construction of the Humble Administrator's Garden of Suzhou.
The Wild Goose Pagoda in Xi'an is bustling with noise and excitement at night.
He once made a film named "If You Are the One" in Xixi Wetland Park of West Lake.
Huqiu Tower is known as Torre di Pisa of China.
Bao Zheng is from Kaifeng, Henan.
Xiaoyaojin Park in Hefei used to be a ferry.
Chibi written by Su Shi has now become a tourist spot.
One of the earliest fossils of mankind was discovered in Zhoukoudian of Beijing.
Mawangdui Han Tomb is a momentous discovery in Archaeology.
Sichuan Wolong is the Panda Reserve.
I am a graduate from Guizhou Normal College of Qiannan.
Qilian mountains intersect with Kunlun mountains in the northwest of China.
The Sahara desert is one of the largest deserts in the world.
The scenery of Mount Lu is so beautiful that we can't stop taking photos.
I am alone in Wutong Bridge.
Last summer I got lost when I came to Beijing Olympic Forest Park to play.
He went to Nanchong for fun. 
Huashan is the representative of Xianyang.
I live in Room 001, Unit 5, Buliding 22 in Beijing.
I am in Yanglou Village, Bacun Town, Shangshui County, Zhoukou City, Henan Province.
I am in Beijing Midtown Yong'an Environmental Protection Technology Co.,Ltd..
Yes, I'm in Linyi.
I am in Jiangxi Modern Polytechnic College.
I am in Zhisheng Machinery Co. ltd. in Dafeng City, Jiangsu Province.
The girl is in Maxi.
The party head of Department of Land and Resources in Jiangxi Province is Liu Dingming.
I work in Kaiping Coal Mine.
I am in Jinjiang.
My undergraduate school is Anhui Finance and Economics University.
Bengbu's crayfish is very famous.
We'll visit Huaguo Mountain tomorrow.
The battle for Waterloo is Napoleon's failure.
Changbai Mountain is a mountain few people tread upon.
Mt Fuji is covered with snow all the year round.
Kurume and Hefei are friendly cities.
Warner Bros is a good movie company.
Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong is picturesque.
The Bund in Shanghai is a tourist attraction people are sure to visit in a trip.
The Oriental Pearl Tower is a landmark building of Shanghai.
Beijing's Bird's Nest Stadium was built in 2008 Olympics Games in.
I'm going to Chenzhou during my summer vacation.
Kaohsiung is also a tourist city in Japan.
Ginza is a famous pub in japan.
I am in No.23 in Yangchun Hutong in Beijing.
Shichahai is a famous tourist attraction in Beijing.
Taiping Street in Hunan, Changsha, is a food street.
You have to drive past Longhu Bridge before you turn the car.
Huangmeixi in Anqing, Anhui is famous.
Tongcheng in Anhui is the origin of the Tongcheng school.
Hollywood in the United States is not only a movie base, but also a tourist attraction.
Silicon Valley of San Francisco is the frontier of science and technology in the world.
Remotest Corners of the Globe Hainan is a tourist attraction.
Orange Island is in Xiangjiang River in Changsha, Hunan.
Have you been to Wuyi Mountain?
Mt. Yue is one of the five famous Chinese mountains.
Zhangjiajie used to be a shooting place of Afanda.
The sea beach in Hawaii is famous all over the world.
Honolulu is a good place.
The Pentagon in the United States was attacked in the 911.
Yellowstone National Park in the United States has a rich geological landscape.
The President Mountain of the United States has the busts of three presidents.
The Pyramid in Egypt is a miracle of human civilization.
Nile is the longest river in the world.
Vienna is the music capital of the world.
Wall Street is the financial center of the world.
Diaoyu Islands are Chinese territories.
Wudang Mountains is a famous Chinese mountain.
Qiandao Lake has a good scenery.
The scenery of Thames River in England is very beautiful.
The news was reported by Reuters.
This series of teaching materials is made by Hubei Provincial Bureau of Education.
There are many snacks in Nanjing Confucius Temple.
I'm at the Lion Bridge in Nanjing.
You can take the subway to Maigao Bridge.
The Times Square in the United States will ring the bell of the new year every year.
The water in Jiuzhaigou is very nice.
Mount Song is one of the five Chinese mountains.
Wulingyuan is very beautiful.
The water is quiet and broad in Lijiang River.
The Badaling of the Great Wall is a relic of the ancien Great Wall of China.
When the Mogao Grottoes was discovered in Dunhuang, many of the artifacts were lost.
Mountain Resort is a summer resort for Chinese royalty.
The classical gardens in Fuzhou has its unique charm.
Jade Dragon Snow Mountain of the ancient city in Lijaing River is a snow-capped mountain with low latitude.
Venice is a world-famous water city in italy.
Rhine in Germany is famous in the world.
Indian Taj Mahal is what the Indian king had made to commemorate the death of his wife.
Dragon Lake in Bengbu is now a 5A level scenic spot.
Have you ever been to Wuzhen when you went to Zhejiang?
Xitang is one of the ancient towns in China.
The tickets of the Dinosaur Park were at a discount in New Year, so did you go there?
The 4th Wanda Plaza is now being built in Wuhu.
Big Ben is one of the landmark buildings of UK.
Notre Dame de Paris appears for many times in novels, plays and movies.
Triumphal Arch in Paris is a famous scenic spot.
Le Louvre Museum has a wealth of art treasures.
Tiantan Park in Beijing is a scenic spot.
The World Park in Beijing gathers the sights of the world.
Mount Emei is a good place to burn incense.
The grapes in Turpan are very sweet.
There is a Pagoda in West Lake.
Confucian Temple, Confucian forest and Kong Family Mansion are three shrines to remember Confucius.
Longmen Grottoes is a famous cultural heritage of China.
Yungang Grottoes and Longmen Grottoes enjoy the same status.
The Qingdonglin is in Tianjin.
Hongcun, Xidi is an ancient village at the foot of Mount Huang.
Dujiang Weir is not only a water conservancy project but also a tourist attraction.
Wuzhen is located in the north of Tongshan City, Zhejiang Province.
Wuzhen, although not as famous as Zhouzhuang, is indeed a good quiet town.
Tongli Town is located in the northeast of Wujiang in Suzhou City, 18 kilometers from Suzhou, 80 kilometers from Shanghai.
Osaka is a tourist city in Japan.
Greece is the country I want to go to.
The beaches in Mauritius are beautiful.
Great Barrier Reef is a huge coral reef archipelago.
Chiang Mai in Thailand is a famous tourist city.
Angkor Wat in Kampuchea is an ancient city.
Pompeii was left the way it used to be at the time of the eruption.
I went to visit Austria on the way to Europe.
Czech is a place where castles are everywhere.
Hungary and Slovakia are not very famous tourist attractions.
Aswan, Luxor and the Red Sea in Egypt are scenic spots.
The scenery of the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand is very charming.
Lake Tekapo is in New Zealand.
Queenstown is one of the attractions of New Zealand.
Statue of Liberty is one of the landmarks in the United States.
I am in building H13, City Light Community in Chaohu, Anhui.
We went to Dameisha in Shenzhen to see the sea. 
Do you want to go to Australia?
I am in senior 2 in Nanchang No.2 Middle School.
I am in Anhui Zhongtian Security Service Group Co.,Ltd..
My home is located in Yangyuan County.
I want to go to Philippines.
This is Beijing TV station.
I am in Tianzhai Village, Zhongzhai Town, Quannan County, Jiangxi Province.
We are Chinese people's Armed Police Forces. 
When did you go to Zhushan? 
I am in Hutang Network Technology Co.,Ltd..
I am in Gaoqu Village, Jiangdu District, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu Province.
I am in Shuikou Town, Huizhou City, Guangdong Province.
Have you ever heard of Santiago?
I am in Minxian County, Dingxi City, Gansu Province.
I'm going to Pudong New Area.
The Forbidden City is located in the heart of Beijing's oldest city, and was converted into a museum in 1925.
My hometown is in Fuyuan.
The next station is Suzhou Railway Station. I wish you a pleasant journey.
Where is Jiading in Shanghai?
Do people in Ukraine speak English?
I came to Moscow to visit my best friend.
Can you tell me how to get to Changsheng Building?
This is the New River Community in Honghu.
How can I get to Male Airport?
Excuse me, how can I go to Shijiazhuang?
I went to the Three Gorges.
This is Hongfuhsi apples from Shandong.
How can I get to Tianzi dock in Guangzhou? 
Will you go to Zibo?
Do you still study in Taobo Middle School?
I got to Bangkok Airport.
I'd like to go to Singapore. How can I get there?
Did you go to Wenzhou?
I am in Shaanxi Wanhua Hengtong Technology Limited Liability Company.
We will hold an exhibition at the Huizhou Museum at 2 p.m. on July 14th.
I have been to Berlin, Germany only recently.
I want to go to Daqing High School.
A big earthquake happened in Wenchuan in May 12, 2008.
Many people travel to Nepal.
The Fifth Avenue is famous.
I'm going to Huazhong Normal University to meet with Li Deguo tonight.
I'm in Suqian, so where are you?
I like Yangzhou.
Are you from Jingzhou?
I am in Mengcun Village, Hebei Province.
I was admitted to the Beijing Institute of Foreign Languages.
Those who attend the meeting will arrive in Taipei by plane tomorrow.
Dear students, I come from Liangshan.
We had fun in Tongshan.
I'm going to Erdos Airport.
How to go to the Changchun Municipal People's Government?
Can you watch any foreign TV programs in Morocco?
Thank you for calling Shenzhen Huilinda Technology Co. Ltd..
Are you going to the south corner of Xidan?
Chengdu is located in the west of Sichuan basin, and it is located in the middle of Chengdu plain.
It is 18 to 20 degrees in Liupanshui tomorrow.
I'm going to Songjiang District.
China Unicom customer service hotline is 10010.
China Telecom customer service hotline is 10000.
I study in Fuzhou No.3 Middle School.
I have watched the Longmen Escort. 
I come from Hekou, China.
Sydney Opera House is the most representative one among Australia's buildings.
I'm in Bobai County, Guangxi Province.
I'm going to Jiaozhou City to do something.
My aunt called from Luxi.
I am in No. 1002, Yuehai East Road in Zhuhai City.
I was in Sundian Village, Checun Town.
I come from the beautiful Jiujiang City in Jiangxi.
It is hot and sunny in Xiaoyi.
He is in Bilingual Experimental Primary School in Xuecheng district, Zaozhuang city, Shandong province.
I am in the Second Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University.
He in Houjie Town of Dongguan City, Guangdong Province.
The charter plane of Kuala Lumpur Airlines in Malaysia is bound for Tokyo.
I am on the fifth floor of No. 1, Baotian Industrial Park.
I'm going to the Shanghai Municipal Government.
I am in Guangfeng County, Shangrao City, Jiangxi Province.
When did you arrive in Tongling?
Hello, excuse me, how can I get to Zhongshan Road?
You are welcome to Australia.
Hengjiang Bridge is very crowded.
Please book a train ticket to Ruichang.
I live in Xiantao, Hubei.
I know you're from Xiaoying Village.
I am in the affiliated hospital of Central South University.
I am in Bangalore.
I'm in Jiayuguan.
Do you like Chaozhou?
I'm going to Heilongjiang this afternoon.
He will go to Shekou Port.
I am in Yixing.
Huang Yuchen wants to watch soccer games in Bernabeu, Spain.
Excuse me, how can I go to Chaoyang District?
I am in the Education Bureau of Dehui.
Do you know Experimental Primary School of Bazhong Normal University?
Is your home in Yuzhou, Henan?
How can I get to Dallas, please?
The bridge is called Westminster Bridge.
I am also in Pubei Middle School.
The speaker is Ms. Zhang from Heilongjiang University.
Are you from Zunhua?
I'm going to travel to Sheshan tomorrow.
I am in Midong District of Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
This is Foshan, Guangdong.
Yingkou is located in the east coast of the Bohai Sea.
Nanjing University is in Jiangsu Province.
Hello, everyone, I am from Zhuangjiaying Village, Chu'an Town of Renqiu City. 
I live in Jiangjun Huafu District.
I am in No. 8 of Finance Street, Beijing.
I just arrived in Nanchong.
Xi'an International Port District will hold the recruitment fair for entered enterprises.
I come from Shifeng Foreign Language School in Shifeng District of Zhuzhou City.
I'm going to Toronto this weekend.
I'm going to Suizhou.
Which island in Fiji is best?
I am going to Ao Nang Beach.
How long does it take to fly from Shenyang to Shanghai?
Nanjing, an ancient city, is located in Yangtze River Delta.
I come from Zunyi, Guizhou.
I am in Shenyang Urban Construction University.
I live in Weidu District of Xuchang City, Henan Province.
I'm in Huanchao Fitness Co.,Ltd..
I'm in Vancouver and I will reply to you later.
Can you tell me the way to Wangfujing Street?
How many flights are there to Seattle?
You are from Fu Ning.
I come from Guangxi.
What do you think of the people from Ganxi?
The school volunteers are going to Guangzhou Gerocomium.
I work in Shandong Tongsheng Pharmaceutical Technology Co.,Ltd..
Both you and mom can go to the front door.
Do the people from Fujian and Quanzhou speak Taiwanese?
Huang Rong asks whether you will go to Qifeng Park the day after tomorrow.
Excuse me, how can I get to Sao Paulo Airport?
He is an attending physician of Peking Union Medical College Hospital.
I'm from Xinjiang Railway Vocational and Technical College.
Can you tell me something about Indonesia?
I am in Gongminglou Village of Shenzhen.
I am in Yunfa Science Park in No. 25, Mudun Road, First Industrial District.
Now you are at Yangtze Hotel.
I have been to Yuexiu Hill, Baiyun Mountain and Maofeng Mountain in Guangzhou.
Welcome to Guangzhou Chimelong Safari Park.
We have a house in Longquan.
I come from Ninghua County, Fujian Province.
I'm in Caidian District, Wuhan, Hubei.
Welcome to Ankang.
I am in the Diqing Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan Province.
Welcome to Zhengzhou, Henan.
I've been living in New York, but I'm from Macao.
How can I get to No. 58, Beijing South Road?
I have been to geopark in Xinjiang Red River Valley.
I graduated from Huanghai University in Qingdao.
I have been to Laoshan Mountain.
I am from Dalian University of Foreign Languages.
My address is No. 6, Baiwanzhuang North Street, Xicheng District, Beijing.
I am a senior student of Management Department, Guizhou Minzu University.
Which bus should I take to the downtown of Melbourne?
Haikou No.1 Middle school is located in the downtown of Haikou.
I study in Luzhou Vocational College.
I am in Shanghai Tobacco Group Co.,Ltd..
I am in Tanggu District, Tianjin.
I want to go to University of Tokyo.
Welcome to First Hancheng International Pepper Festival.
I am in Suzhou Institute of Construction & Communication.
I live in Xiangtan.
I live in No. 124, Shapo Road, Huaguo Garden, Nanming District, Guiyang.
I am in the West Industrial Park, De'an County, Jiujiang City, Jiangxi Province.
Which is the biggest library in the downtown of Qingyang District, Chengdu?
How about picking me up in Yiyang?
I am in Guangdong Vocational School of Polytechnic.
I live in 206 Community, Department 41, Panlong Shanzhuang, West Lake Port, Dachang District, Nanjing, Jiangsu, China.
My name is Sun Xichuan. I am 18 years old and from Wutun Middle School.
I have to go to Penang for something.
I come from Beilun District, Ningbo, Zhejiang of China.
I'm in Putuo District of Shanghai. What about you?
I am in Changzhou Technical Institute of Tourism & Commerce
Let's go to Yangtai Mountain later.
I am in Chimelong Ocean Kingdom in Zhuhai.
Are you from Russia too?
Come to Chikan District of Zhanjiang to have seafood.
I am in Zhuhai Gongbei Middle School.
Xianren Island is located in Yingkou. 
Maps of Shanghai are sold in Fuzhou Road, Shanghai.
Hello, I'm from Xianpu, Guizhou.
Hello, everyone, my name is Feng Manhui and I am from Meizhou of Guangdong.
I'm in Fuzhou Square now.
I am in Minhe County, Haidong City, Qinghai Province.
Do you know Luzhou in Sichuan Province?
I study in Zhiyuan Middle School.
I am in Songtao County, Tongren City, Guizhou Province.
There's no such a tall building in Kathmandu.
All of you want to go back to Wanxian.
Now I am in Lankao County, Henan province.
I study in Baihe Jingzhou School of Hanyuan County, Ya'an City, Sichuan province.
I am in Datong, Taonan, Jilin.
Why do you come to Kuling Town to study?
I am a master of law from Jilin University.
Are you still in Tongliao?
I come from Mianxian, Shanxi.
It takes you 30 minutes to get to Jiefang Road.
Excuse me, how can I get to Huaihai Road?
I live in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong.
I'm in Mabuxincun in Bao’an District.
I am in Anhui Light-industry Technical College in Shimen Road, Hefei.
I study in Hunan Industry & Trade Technician College.
I work in Leikun Electrical Appliance Co.,Ltd. in Linyi, Shandong.
The famous department store is located in Champs Elysees in an endless stream.
I'm in Shanghai Maituo Technology Development Co. Ltd..
I want to know what the weather is like in summer in Xiangyang.
Hello, my name is Lu Jianmin, and I am from Zitong, Mianyang, Sichuan.
He was admitted by the Psychology Department of Peking University in 1992.
I come from Tongdao County in Huaihua City of Hunan province.
Bengrou of Tancheng, Shandong is delicious.
I am in Chifeng, Inner Mongolia.
My son is studying economics at University of Melbourne in Australia.
I am in Shenzhen Tengge Mechanical and Electrical Equipment Co. Ltd.
I just went to Eiffel Tower in Paris, France.
I am in Yancheng District, Luohe City.
I live in City Garden District, Renmin Road.
I am in the new campus of Xianyang Experimental Middle School.
Shall we go to Urumqi or Inner Mongolia?
It is said that New Zealand is very beautiful.
I work in Shanghai Huaxia Cleaning Co.,Ltd..
I come from Management Department, Guizhou Minzu University.
I am in Yaozhuang, Mancheng District, Baoding City.
Where is Tianjin First Center Hospital?
What is the telephone number of the Education Bureau of Cili County in Hunan Province?
I'm a student of Xinjiang Railway Vocational and Technical College.
I come from Chengdu Jinxin Vocational and Technical School.
Here is the broadcast TV station in Linghu Town, Nanxun District of Huzhou City.
I live in Room 503, Unit 2, Building 19 of Minghe Yaju Community.
I come from Changyuan County, Xinxiang City of Henan province.
Jingdezhen, China is known for porcelain.
Hello, everyone, I come from Benzhuang Town of Shiqian County.
But you're in Ling'an, we're so far away from each other.
We live in Room 3111, No. 49, Liwan Road.
I am in Jilin Pharmacy in Beijing.
In the fall of 1910, Mao Zedong left ungated Shaoshan and went out to the wider world.
I am in Wenchang Town, Chun'an County, Hangzhou City of Zhejiang Province.
I live in Huizhou.
He studies in University of Oxford.
Hello, I am in Gaohuangzhai.
I am in Lianyungang Huaxin Construction and Installation Engineering Co.,Ltd..
I am in Wuhan Institute of Shipbuilding Technology.
Which part of Linfen are you from?
I live in Zhuzhen Town, Liuhe District of Nanjing.
I am in SINOHYDRO.
I am in Kunming Ruifeng Coating Trade Co.Ltd..
I am in Dalian Fengyang Trade Co.,ltd..
How to get to National Center for Performing Arts?
I am in Yucai Road, Lengshuitan District, Yongzhou City.
I am in Chenjiatai Village, Maquan Town, Qindu District, Xianyang City of Shaanxi province.
I am in Shaanxi Disanfang Intelligent Technology Co.,Ltd..
It's normal that Liaoning Team lost the game and Sichuan Team won.
He is in Jiangsu Tobacco Industry Co.,Ltd..
Do you know the University of Hanoi?
I come from Emei, Leshan City of Sichuan province.
I come from Hunan Vocational College of Technology & Trade.
I realized my dream in Anhui Normal University.
I am from Xingguo, Ganzhou.
But I'm going to climb Phoenix Mountain on Sunday.
I am in the Cangzhou Branch of China Telecom.
I am in Hengyang First People's Hospital.
I have been to Bali, Indonesia.
I am in Gansu Jiuzhou Hydropower Co.Ltd..
He is founding the Kunshan Volunteer Services, and he is keen on public welfare activities.
I am a retired soldier who is from Huzhou, Zhejiang.
I am in Bright Dairy Co.,Ltd. in Xinzheng City.
The fare from Kunming to Rangoon of Burma is high.
I am in Danyang.
I am in Runfa Science Park in No. 25, Mudun Road, First Industrial Zone.
Have you been to Miami?
Football of South Africa is world-renown.
The land of Peru is long and narrow.
The Strait of Malacca is one of the earliest straits in the world.
The ships need to pass the Bering Strait.
Let's go to the summit of Kunlun Mountain to see sunrise.
I'm going to Taiyuan tomorrow evening.
Where is the East Lake Hotel?
I am in Fangzheng County, Heilongjiang province.
I am in Renshan Village, Maji Town, Jiaxiang County, Jining City, Shandong Province.
Have you been to Langya Mountain?
Langxiang Migu Scenic Spot in Bengbu is fun.
Zuiweng Pavilion is a famous scenic spot.
I will go to Arab on business next month.
We are going to Hong Kong Disneyland. 
How often do you go to Liyang?
I am at Xiaoshan No.2 Vocational School.
Let's go to climb Liangshan Mountain.
Soon, we will see the Grand Buddha at Lingshan.
I am going to Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City. Thanks.
How can I get to Basilica Di San Marino?
I am at Xuzhou Kindergarten Teachers College.
I am in Dalian Fangyang Trading Co.,Ltd..
I am in No.256, People Center, Qiaotou Town, China.
I am at Guangzhou International Sports Arena.
I come from Bulgaria.
I come from Fuan Town, Dongtai City, Jiangsu Province.
Welcome to Mianyang.
There is also Beijing Road in Guangzhou.
Do you work in Beijing or Dezhou, Shandong?
I am at the Central Park in the south of Jiaxing First Middle School.
I visited Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
I am Liu Rongwu from Tongzi County, Guizhou Province.
This afternoon, I took part in a basketball game held in Wuhan University.
I am going to Huainan today.
I want to go to Iceland for fun.
What do you do in Baotou?
Tomorrow several classmates will come to Gaotong for fun, so I must be well-prepared. 
Today, I am going to Hegang.
Hello, I am in Gao Huangzhai Village, and how about you?
If you want to apply for a new number, you need to go to the business hall in Feifeng Street.
The ancient town of Lijiang in Yunnan Province is one of the famous tourist destinations.
In 1587, Mary sat in the Forsterling Black Castle in England.
He is still in HSBC.
What kind of mountain is Zipeng Mountain?
I have a brother who studied in Huiyang Middle School. I will ask him if he knows Huiyuan Primary School.
We're on a business trip to Philadelphia again.
Have you received the admission notice from Jingzhou Institute of Technology?
Have you ever been to Munich?
Are you going to travel to Taizhou?
You can look for it according to the address, No.31, Xuefeng Town, Mingxi County, Sanming City.
When did you come to Qiqihar?
I want to go to Royal Gorge in Colorado State.
Is the full name of the cooperation established by your brother Hunan Haoweiwu Food Co.,Ltd.?
Please tell me who is the most famous model in Jinggangshan.
They went to Xiaoyaojin to ride horses.
Is Guangzang Market over there?
What do you think of Jiuhua Amusement Equipment Manufacturing Co.,Ltd.?
I just can't take you to the Yalong Bay Tourist Resort.
We are reaching Chifeng City Station.
I am getting my tire repaired in Yangcheng County.
My subject is about the scenic spots and historical sites in Tianshui.
Do you have a card of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China for your salary?
Now I am taking part in a project which aims to help children in Africa.
Haikou No.1 Middle school is located in the center of Haikou.
Have you ever heard of Bo’ao Town in Qionghai City?
Is it large inside the Foxconn Science and Technology Park?
I heard that you studied in Forestry Vocational Technical College.
Are all people in Huaining County graduated from universities?
Did you find this in Yangmiao Village?
When did you go to Fuzhou?
Have you ever been to Beihai Park?
The production cost is too high, but in Xintang, it will be relatively cheaper.
Finland is a corrupt place.
Aren't you in Huangjiang?
Rhea Linkage Hardware Products Co. Ltd. is more famous at home.
We bought many special things in Madagascar for our parents.
How far is it from here to Zhaotong?
The Hand-made noodles of Fufeng County are delicious.
I come from Huludao a beautiful seaside city.
The Republic of Gambia is the smallest country in Africa.
Denmark is the happiest country in the world today.
Do you know that the Nansha Islands are almost grabbed by other countries?
I am going to Jiaoqiao by car.
Turn left when you arrive at Crown Head Ridge.
Did it rain in Ganzhou?
I am working in Chinese Tieguanyin Tea Factory in Anping.
I am looking for a worker of Liaoning Oil Well Factory.
I will go to Xiangfan tomorrow.
Now I am at Guangxi University for Nationalities.
Today I will go to Minzhong Hospital to do an inspection.
How about climbing Shilin Mountain on weekends?
I am studying at Building Materials College.
I am going to North Carolina, Luo Li.
I went through Bhutan and left there in a few days.
I will go to Suxian again tonight.
What's the post code of Xuancheng?
I will go to Cambodia at the end of this month.
Is Li Sheng in Sri Lanka?
Excuse me, could you please tell me how to get to Phoenix Road?
Lujiang No.3 High School is the most unreliable.
The next stop is Mingzhu Square. Do you get off?
You want to go to Changzhi. But you even can't understand this.  
It would be great if I could work in Jimei Environment Art Design Engineering Co.,Ltd..
I saw Gulangyu just on TV.
Great changes have taken place in Zhanjiang in recent years.
He has been to Peixian County.
Will you come to Wuhu for Si Minggui today?
Now I am having lunch in Xiaojiangnan.
My daughter is studying at Brown University now.
Tianmu Lake is famous for its bamboo forests.
Let's live in Jinjiang Hotel at Renmi South Road.
I have some personal affairs to deal with in Qinghe New Town.
My son is studying economics at the American University.
Here is not far from Zhoucuigang, and it only takes two days to go back and forth.
I'll take you to Ruili, OK?
Do you know how to go to Myeong-dong?
My father has gone to Wuzhishan.
Hello, I am graduated from Benzhuang Primary School.
After that, I may ask my colleague who is in Chile to contact you.
There is just a place to watch peach blossoms in Quanjiao.
I'll go to Xinglin to do the fire protection work at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
I had a good time when I was an exchanging student in Hungary.
How many classes do you teach one day in a senior high school in Qunan?
We are going to Chiayi to attend a very interesting activity.
By the way, if possible, I would like to buy a house in Jianghua.
I would like to go back to Guigang to visit you immediately, Brother Lu.
Your wealth is very excellent in the whole Longchuan.
I will go to St. Petersburg for your birthday party in a month.
I also expect to take you to play in Hankou tomorrow.
Welcome to Zigong family, and I will soon serve you.
But Yuxi people also need to learn to speak English.
I am now in the second floor of the Jingdong Mobile City, Qianjin West Street, Yuanping City.
Are you a person who live and work in Beijing?
Why did you come to Ninghe to study?
My hometown is located in Wuqiang, Hebei Province.
Are schools in Daming like this?
I am from Shuangya Mountain.
I am in Chengdong Experimental School in Xintian Country.
How to go to the Grand Palace in Thailand?
Could you please tell me how to get to the Sun Yat-sen?
This is produced by Hunan Tobacco Industry Limited Liability Company.
Who is in Yanbian?
How spectacular Jialing River is!
This is Nan'an, Quanzhou City, Fujian Province, China.
I graduated from Shenmu Second Middle school, Shaanxi Province.
I am from China Jiangsu Swan Musical Instrument Limited Liability Company.
I'm going to Beijing University of Science and Technology.
I want to go to Gaoping tomorrow.
Where do you live in Wanjiang?
Dongguan Street is famous for shopping.
Are you in Yongqing?
My home is in Zhangbei.
I come from Yongzhou Forth Middle School.
I want to go to Pingxiang.
There is another famous city called Barcelona in Spain.
Hello, my name is Nong Yujie. I am 12 years old. I come from Hongtuping Village, Jianshi County.
Peasant Painting Exhibition will be held in Huizhou Museum at 2 PM on July 14.
Where is Bozhou?
I studied undergraduate course at the Hubei University of Technology.
I come from Shiyan, Hubei.
Are you a South American?
My alma mater is Guilin University of Electronic Science and Technology.
My daughter is studying at Queen University.
I'm going to Longchuan, Heyuan.
I am a student of Xiliulin Primary School.
Pingliang is a city with a long history and culture.
Our school is located at the foot of Mount Li.
The beautiful Cyprus is a wonderful place to marry.
I know that there is a secret about Niuzhuang.
He used to work at Guyang.
Scandinavian Peninsula is beautiful.
I am on the train to Wafangdian.
I always think of going to Xinmi City.
We are going to Shigatse today.
This is the student of Yangzhou Business Higher Vocational School in Jiangsu.
I want to go to Pingyao from Taiyuan
Hello, my name is Lu Jianrong, and I come from Shengze Town.
I come from Jiaokou, Lvliang.
Anfeng has a unique geographical environment and regional advantages.
This is No. 28 of the dining hall of the Joint Logistics Department of China Southern Airlines Beijing branch.
How far is it from Kaiyuan to Hangzhou?
I am in Tiesi District, Anshan City, Liaoning Province, China.
Mario Green and Mary Brown who are from Binjiang Middle School will sacrifice a few hours to help others every week.
Thank you Hubei Children's Publishing House.
My uncle went to Fuyu last week.
Here is the Xianyang People's Broadcasting Station.
I am from Kowloon, Hong Kong.
We are students of First Primary School in Laiyuan, Baoding, Hebei.
China Life Insurance Company is a big one.
Why didn't you visit me when you came to Changtu?
How to go to Wenchang Road?
I am in Dongying.
It is 20 degrees today in Huiyang District.
I am studying in a junior high school in Tongnan.
I want to go to Princess Mountain to play.
My name is Shenmeng and I am from Dahu Village, Gucheng Town, Yingshang Country, Fuyang City, Anhui Province.
The ticket of Chongsheng Temple is not expensive.
Penghu Bay is very famous.
I am from Chongqing and I am graduated from Nanhua Middle School.
Will we go to play or return to Beihua East school?
The United States and Russia put forward different views on how to end the Syrian civil war yesterday.
I live in Room 703, Number 17, Lane 666, Tongfeng Road, Hongkou District, Shanghai City. 
Sabah of Malaysia is a place I have never been tired of going to.
Dadonghai is a good choice.
I am from Wangqing.
My brother and I have lived in Longjiang since 1997.
I am on the way to Wuxiang.
We are going to Shouyang today.
I am in the Yongcheng People's Court.
An earthquake occurred in Changning, Yunnan Province on September 16, 2015.
I am going to Longchuan, Heyuan.
This is No. 18, Liuyuan Road, Shijiazhuang City.
