It keep consumers from wandering.
That would benefit consumers in the short term.
That is the Commerce Department's personal consumption expenditures price index.
It send a message to consumers and competitors alike.
U.S. buyers will first see the S-class as the S550.
Tegernsee is a very expensive and selective region.
It is a very exclusive and expensive area.
Asia's  consumers are increasingly affluent. 
Northern Europe needs to consume more. 
Southern Europe needs to consume less.
Chinese consumers wise up to the fact.
More consumers are willing to wait it out.
It puts more emphasis on consumption and services. 
They have taken their grievances to a national consumer commission.
China consumes about 300,000 tons of copper a month. 
It lacks wide acceptance, consumer protections and stability.
For consumers, bitcoin's speed can be a dual-edged sword.
Lower energy and material prices are often welcomed by consumers.
It was hurt by weaker-than-expected consumer spending and capital expenditures.
They would spend now before goods became more expensive.
The global exports include consumer electronics, autos and industrial machinery.
Building a consumer class will take money.
With a greater emphasis on consumers comes greater scrutiny.
Americans may have refunded V.A.T.. 
Most consumers strive to be thought of as cool.
Buying messages and advertising completely bombards the Chinese consumer. 
Asia's demand for gold and gems appears to be insatiable.
Consumer confidence is less volatile in Europe. 
We've recognized that there's a broad awareness of consumers.
A new report analyzed MasterCard spending in Hong Kong.
They are spending less on big-ticket items.
It thanks in part to growth in U.S. consumer spending.
It reflects mounting consumer confidence. 
It will likely curb consumer spending and economic growth. 
The rising sales of consumer goods would bolster growth.
Financial and consumer companies were the majority.
China accounts for more than 40% of global copper use.
Consumer trust in the Chinese food industry remains shaky.
Consumers have been fearful of the quality of meat products.
Many of the country’s food will spoils before reaching consumers.
Chinese consumers increasingly favor American brands.
Consumers have a rising affluence life.
This undermines the interests of consumers.
Sheffield can't pass those costs on to consumers.
China is the world's largest energy consumer third-biggest LNG importer.
Consumers expect more inflation than they have been getting.
Consumer demand for high-efficiency homes is rising.
It is a much smaller consumer financing company.
A wave of consumerism sweeps the continent.
The aim is to regain consumer confidence.
Soymeal is tied to rising meat consumption in China.
That far exceeds China's consumption of the commodity.
The brands are reluctant, but the consumers are embracing online.
China accounts for about 40% of global copper consumption. 
The services the consumers received were poor.
It likely expands 2.4% on reaccelerating consumer spending.
They aim for richer consumers.
Chinese cars do remain an unknown quantity to consumers.
It’s the ecosystem around consumption that we like.
Some data suggested consumer spending could remain stable.
It is to boost consumer spending on imports. 
It would heighten consumer anxiety and sap household spending.
Chinese consumers buy little from abroad.
Taobao was the consumer-to-consumer platform.
Higher rates would put more money in Chinese consumers' pockets.
They’re basically directional bets on the Chinese consumer economy.
Apple releases the operating system to consumer.
American consumers saved money.
They will help homebuyers to apply for this consumer loan.
The plunge in oil prices is great for consumers.
Europeans and consumers around the world will enjoy similar benefits.
The spending spree has attracted droves of drivers.
China has entered the era of consumption.
This means that consumers should rejoice.
Consumer loans and mortgage rates are directly negative.
They acquired overseas consumer assets.
He wants to meet China's growing consumer demand.
Consumers have a lot of choices.
A looming sales tax increase could sap consumption. 
The drinking habits of Magnum's patrons have changed recently. 
China's commodity consumption is expected to continue to grow.
Companies dedicated to being more regulator-friendly for consumers and merchants.
This encourages China's swelling middle class to chew more. 
They are the key gum-chewing segment. 
This is also winning over consumers. 
Japan consumer optimism grows cautiously.
Japan Real Time talked to retailers and consumers the verdict.
There is an improvement in consumer sentiment.
OSI Group Inc apologizes to customers and consume.
Chinese consumers are generally concerned about food safety.
The group has struggled to keep pace with consumer demand.
Chinese consumers have cooled demand for poultry.
China is the world's second largest oil consumer.
Consumers could still drive their cars in the meantime.
American consumers feel the same.
He is not going to add new consumption.
It maintains a sufficient level of consumption.
Drivers there are losing their lust for local brands. 
The majority of Chinese consumers prefer foreign-branded cars. 
Japan's sales-tax will rise to 8% from 5%. 
In April 1997, the government last raised the sales tax.
Japanese consumption took a dive.
Japanese consumption is finally be lifted.
It would help cushion the decline in domestic spending.
China is the world's biggest consumer of industrial metals.
Consumers continued to benefit from the oil price collapse.
Data brokers analyze information collected about consumers. 
Consumers are placed in data-driven social and demographic groups.
Consumers are labeled like "financially challenged".
The bill also gives consumers more control.
It still does not show there is consumer harm.
They do not deal directly with consumers.
The consumer is not the customer, but the product.
They offer the same discounts to consumers. 
It used consumer survey data and other techniques.
The consumers had already stepped up their pace of purchasing.
It partly explains why people were able to spend more.
Chinese car customers are relatively younger than other countries.
Live birds and other farm products are sold to consumers.
Chinese customers don't pay for that.
No industry benefited from these trends more than consumer electronics.
Sparkly gadgets and gee-whiz imagery wowed consumers.
Prices actually fall for an extended period.
Consumers will have more money to spend.
It's good for consumers.
It's small consumer electronics like video game consoles.
That could put consumers at risk.
Some consumers may prefer Google.
The bank can take root among consumers.
The e-invoices will serve as an equivalent to paper ones.
Such invoices are required to prove an auto purchase.
Printing one invoice needs at least 10 minutes.
At most six invoices can be printed in an hour.
The yearly comparison figures were partly bolstered by companies’ overinvoicing.
Invoicing is a longer-term consideration.
Chinese regulators on Monday gave the deal their approval.
A similar trend was seen in deal values last year.
Renminbi-denominated deals could be promoted in overseas mergers and expansions.
Exchange officials simply carryed out orders. 
All recent trades by QFIIs complied with regulations.
Fosun’s debut UK property deal came in 2013.
Some analysts esated that margin buying reached about $550 billion.
Stock trading transactions were slashed.
They have not necessarily devoted painstaking analysis to their trades.
Oil is traded nearly everywhere in U.S. dollars.
Russia and China agree to transactions in rubles.
Two people  were involved with the transaction.
Similar arrangements existed in other SRC deals.
They were originally purchased there.
China's second-largest online retailer is group–360buy by transaction value.
Jingdong Mall recorded transaction volume last year of Rmb30bn ($4.7bn).
It is a truth coal traders are discovering.
Chinese traders have been forced to draw down stocks.
He handles millions of tonnes of coal a year.
Traders believe prices might have peaked for 2016.
It rose 2% in trading on Thursday.
Not all of these deals worked out well.
These business dealings came to light.
It is demonstrated by high-profile cases.
Many of the transactions are state led.
These could have a strategic impact.
Diageo didn't disclose commercial details of the deal.
The city used that estimate as part of a deal.
The condition of the grand bargain funders is clear.
There is a Facebook-like newsfeed of your friends' transactions.
You can disable the sharing features on each transaction.
My transaction log filled up with funny comments.
These deals were unrelated. 
There are a great deal of Asian buyers.
JPMorgan lost $6 billion in London trading.
Deal flow comes in through people’s network. 
Huawei has not shied from agreements that could draw criticism.
Much of Chinese Bitcoin exchanges by automated software.
All Bitcoin transactions are recorded.
Some transactions take days to be processed.
There’s more autocracy and more connected transactions in Asia.
Mr. Son often follows up big deals with big promises.
Analysts said it would be less favorable for China Mobile.
This deal closed this week.
They also spend more money policing their own marketplace.
The committee raised “unforeseen concerns” about a similar deal.
That deal also fizzled.
It makes those transfers and transactions seamless and safe.
The wallet will find the best deal and execute it.
Mr. Liu declined to comment on the failed sale.
The company will not be doing any new international deals.
The “art of the deal” has often proved elusive overseas.
It ignited renewed interest after the election.
The trading of stock was suspended.
The deal, which is subject to shareholder approval.
They are usually coming and looking for all-cash deals. 
Criminals are happy to see that transactions happen anonymously.
Exchange-traded fund called the Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust, that holds bitcoins.
It can be available in certain self-directed individual retirement accounts.
The Malaysian ringgit plunged about 2 percent in morning trading.
The bank enforced a tight trading range against the dollar.
The federal government has moved to scrutinize some all-cash transactions.
European shares were down slightly in midday trading.
Oil also resumed its decline on Tuesday in Asian trading.
There is no certainty that any transaction will take place.
The stock sale is expected to be the biggest ever.
These deals don’t make financial sense.
The Chinese currency is not freely tradable.
The suspension came among continued volatility in the markets.
This kind of blockchainwill replace the existing system.
Private companies issue and trade shares using paper certificates.
Nasdaq is experimenting with several other markets.
The systems was like syndicated loans and corporate bonds.
These markets influence the profits of the largest financial institutions.
Bitcoin can be used for purchases or traded.
Tencent takes a 15% stake in JD in the deal.
The deal with Tsinghua Unigroup marked SPIL’s latest maneuver.
It notes that the transaction was defensive and highly dilutive.
It sets the midpoint for the currency’s daily trading range.
In addition to The Globe, the sale includes BostonGlobe.com; Boston.com.
The second one is to open won-yuan direct trading.
It is the biggest IPO this year in Hong Kong.
Cinda become the city's largest this year.
The trading resumed on late Wednesday afternoon.
After canceling the orders, the exchange employees rebooted its systems.
The transaction valued at $3.6 billion.
The derailed deal reflects the changing fortunes in China.
The Blackstone transaction is expected to close this year.
For instance, Sunset Park seems to offer deals.
Cash deals offer opportunities for discounts.
A decline in fees from merger-and-acquisition activity.
It advised on mergers and acquisitions, and loans.
It's boosted by activity in the utilities and energy-trading sectors.
Deals in the sector have gathered pace as a result.
Financial details of the deal weren't disclosed.
That made it the largest listing in Asia this year.
Traders suggested that they had been spooked by concerns that.
European stocks overcame early losses to trade higher through midday.
That ranks as the second-biggest I.P.O. globally this year.
He zeroed in on its stock exchange.
Even strong buyers are balking at completing deals.
It representing 23 percent of all deals.
Less trading is better. 
Trading on Wednesday was no exception.
The financial advisers favor ETFs. 
It suggesting that stocks would fall modestly at the start.
It fell 2.7 percent by the end of trading.
Greek bond trading is almost over.
The two stock exchanges in Shanghai and Shenzhen issued notices.
The deal is worth about $15 billion.
The surprising deal has shocked the industry. 
The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
The trading of government bond volumes plummeted.
Yields and trading volumes are symptoms of reduced liquidity.
The situation of the deal depend on the regulatory approvals.
Still, the offering comes only a year.
Employing margin can magnify profits, of course. 
There is remarkable turbulence on China’s numerous Bitcoin exchanges.
This precipitated a rise on China’s Bitcoin exchanges.
The deal will most likely help Tencent bolster its reputation.
The Supercell takeover is Tencent’s largest to date. 
The terms of the transactions were not disclosed.
Castle Rock offered Mr. Darabont a 'pay-and-play' deal under.
Sean McKessy is head of the SEC's whistleblower office. 
Drivers and passengers use merely to facilitate private transactions.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.67 percent.
Yahoo Japan's stock is traded in Tokyo.
The Maastricht fair is better known as Tefaf.
Will you look at more acquisitions? 
It included a more recent one involving Miramax’s film library.
136 deals worth $31.3 billion in 2015.
Dealogic  is a deal tracking firm.
Yahoo shares traded at about $35 a share.
Transaction volumes in 2012 surpassed 200 billion renminbi.
In after-hours trading, the stock declined slightly.
Regulators will scrutinize details of the deal.
It screens deals for their effect on national security.
Huawei changed its mind due to controversy surrounding the deal.
IBM and Lenovo are confident in the deal.
The Treasury Department reviews a deal for 30 days..
Alibaba has made several acquisitions to strengthen its mobile-based services.
IBM executives hope Watson could grow to $100 million. 
It could affect how Apple cuts deals with media companies.
Mr. Cohen's art trades are closely followed.
Mr. Connery is the private dealer.
The sale would allow its two main publications to grow.
The deal has not yet closed.
When that deal closed, it would rename itself “Altaba”.
The deal with Verizon closes.
I remain hopeful the deal will close.
Those cases include money laundering and trade in illicit goods.
BIPS is the largest Bitcoin payment processor in Europe.
Microsoft struck the 5.4 billion euros deal last September.
Global Bond Limited is a Chinese exchange platform for bitcoins.
The website tracks bitcoin exchanges.
Users have bid up the price on Internet exchanges.
Exchanges of bitcoins in China are particularly active.
Every bitcoin transaction was recorded on a public ledger.
It is not in fact anonymous.
This infrastructure supports billions of dollars of trades each hour.
They warned about the vulnerability of exchanges to cybercrime. 
BTC China is the country's biggest bitcoin exchange.
In November, the price on BTC China jumped four-fold.
He plans a short-term trading.
It was the largest public listing in United States history.
This deal would combine the nation's two biggest cable operators.
Comcast and Charter were in talks about a deal.
By about 8 p.m., the boards had approved the deal.
The boards of both companies have approved the transaction.
The deal faces high regulatory barriers.
We believe that this transaction is approvable.
The deal may benefit from the perception.
Since then the commission approved Comcast's purchase of NBCUniversal.
Europe’s antitrust authorities, however, eventually approved the takeover.
Get the best deal for taxpayers.
He signed a secret deal.
He has a last-minute deal.
The Chinese aren’t limiting themselves to megadeals. 
WH's IPO could have been Hong Kong's largest since 2010.
If anything, it will make these acquisitions cheaper.
Lenovo has the capacity to do more deals.
The company has digested its recent acquisitions.
It is likely the activity will continue.
Tech deal activity hasn't just been centered on China, either.
We should see more deals as a result.
Amazon’s headquarters space is the largest deal .
Mr. Shannon of CBRE handled the sale. 
Seattle’s brisk sales pace may slow this year. 
The tool is popular among day traders. 
The past year's deals have been bigger than ever.
Back-room deals sometimes dictated who got the apartments.
It created an online marketplace for trading meat.
China's stock market has fallen for eight straight sessions. 
The exhibits still offer various products.
Company is looted, and SEC sues its former chairman.
In China, exchanges will have lots of regulatory issues. 
It tightened some limits on margin trading.
The volume had picked up over the last six months.
Well-done deals can also raise buyers' political standing.
Chinese Government rewarded the deal with financial support.
The Fed statement poses a dilemma for currency traders.
Stephen Elop was running Nokia until the deal was signed.
He will rejoin Microsoft after the transaction closes.
The motives behind the transactions have become less innocent.
Bitcoin owners can still trade with each other.
The new year could bring new questions to resource trading.
It could be the largest IPO in history.
Alibaba processed $37 billion in mobile e-commerce transactions in 2013.
High-frequency trading algorithms are a prime example.
Wednesday’s sale was a success for Petrobras.
The transaction increases its bias to South America.
For China, the purchase is another step.
Traders could benefit from the lower rate until Dec. 25.
Dealmakers say meaningful reform remains to be seen. 
All transactions must go through a notary public.
WeChat is offering commission-free transactions to win merchants over.
The prices on all-cash deals are also rising significantly. 
Shares in mainland Chinese stock brokerages rose on Monday.
The deal had received at least 60% shareholder approval.
Every sale is different.
But their immediate prelude can be just as hazardous. 
This transaction died. 
My seller was insulted, and it killed the deal. 
The deal nearly did collapse.
The deal actually closed.
It almost killed the deal. 
The sale finally closed for $4 million. 
We both got gray hair from that deal. 
He faked storage facilities and circular trading.
It generates close to zero transaction costs.
The deal will deepen his stakes in telecommunications.
This transaction will enable us to grow HKT.
The deal is subject to regulatory approval in Hong Kong.
This is a part of the transaction.
The figures count only deals marketed globally.
The C.P. Lotus-Wumart transaction caps collapsed.
The deal is consistent with Wumart’s strategy. 
The deal had announced in December of last year.
The deal was scrapped.
He took over as CEO of the territory's bourse.
He bought the London Metal Exchange for around $2 billion.
The deal is expected to boost earnings through 2014. 
Regulators and market operators work to keep up with trading.
Trading is increasingly electronic and driven by speed.
Stock market is after the New York Stock Exchange.
Brokers scrambling to trade elsewhere.
They could not complete trades.
Nobody can trade.
Trades disrupted the exchanges.
There are 13 public exchanges.
Broker dealers lost the revenue from the trading.
That should have been occurring.
Thursday’s trading halt.
An exchange has problems.
Traders can direct their orders to other public exchanges.
All exchanges stopped trading Nasdaq stocks on Thursday.
This is during the halt.
Trading firms across Wall Street struggled to determine.
How to do with orders for Nasdaq-listed stocks.
We were able to potentially get a few trades done.
Traders complained that.
Shares in the company were essentially flat in after-hours trading.
The transaction is worth 1.2 billion euros.
She would not block the deal.
For LinkedIn, the attractions of the deal are obvious.
The company’s stock jumped 5 percent in morning trading.
It surpasses offerings from Facebook and General Motors.
Trading conditions could be challenging. 
It will again be tested by other dealers and auctioneers.
The new section will feature eight dealers.
In 1912, there is a London dealer Duveen.
These are dealers in historic items.
He is a London dealer and collector.
Signal bids subtly to auctioneers conducting business in soft tones.
We can use strategies such as arbitrage or momentum. 
He is previously a top trading executive.
Pablo J. Salame is a co-head of Goldman’s trading arm.
Tencent's online shopping doesn't come cheap.
Tencent promises integrate every case with WeChat. 
JD.com handles more than two million orders a day.
The deal between Microsoft and nokia was completed in April.
The government is introducing greater two-way volatility into its trading.
The Hong Kong-listed shares have fallen 24% and 16% respectively.
Each bank team is led by senior deal makers.
Microsoft in September announced a $7 billion deal with Nokia.
HERE isn't moving to Microsoft in the acquisition.
The plan involves an exchange-traded fund.
Mt.Gox is the world’s largest trading exchange for bitcoins.
Christian Ogier is a Paris art dealer.
It tracked prices from 1970 through 2013.
That contemporary sale took in ￡117.1 million.
The deal was signed in May.
It takes three to four weeks to close a deal.
It will cutthe required time to green light transactions. 
They surpassed offerings from Facebook and General Motors. 
Companies's shares surge on their first day of trading. 
Such transactions still take place, of course.
It increased deal risk.
How much money gets spent through alibaba?
Through the sale, Vivat will fulfill an important role.
The deal is subject to regulatory approval.
These countries use the renminbi for cross-border transactions.
This added to transaction costs.
Youku will issue new shares in the transaction.
It could be a more than $100 billion deal.
Months went by before the deal finally closed.
Alibaba is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
They may also review the deal. 
Canton Fair is the country’s main trade show for exporters.
The deal was completed in June.
Goldman Sachs advised Alibaba on the acquisition.
The amount of the transaction was not disclosed.
It has targeted after the deals were made public.
The ChinaVision Media Group suspended trading in its shares.
They were in negotiations over unspecified transactions.
Bookfield last month completed a deal.
She represents Ms. Bikoff.
The company raised 4.2 billion dollars in a share sale.
The transaction costs involved in funds that use commodity futures.
The plan also calls for easier cross-border deals.
Its exchange is for A$11 billion.
Alibaba’s prospectus discloses information about various past "related party transactions".
The significant related party transactions have already taken place.
The prospect of such transactions will happen in the future.
They put in a new related party transaction policy.
Huobi is a relatively little-known Chinese exchange.
It is actually the largest bitcoin exchange in the world.
It's trading is in a yuan-BTC pair.
The firm's volume is coming from legitimate trading.
It's a digital-currency version of a quote-stuffing, HFT operation.
Any deal is far from done. 
One of the people briefed on the Tianhe deal.
Insider trading at SAC was substantial and pervasive.
They all continued to trade with SAC.
SAC has never encouraged, promoted or tolerated insider trading.
He committed insider trading crimes. 
SAC attracted ambitious, talented traders.
His traders became known for aggressively pumping sources for insights.
Mathew Martoma spoke with Mr. Cohen about his questionable trades.
Australian currency is the world's fifth-most traded currency.
Qunar began trading on Nasdaq on Friday. 
They try to secure lucrative business deals.
JPMorgan seemed to do little with China Everbright. 
JPMorgan helped China Everbright organize a private equity deal.
The Bohai Commodity Exchange is planning cross-border yuan-denominated iron-ore contracts.
The gold exchange introduced interbank gold trading in May 2011.
The free-trade zone just wouldn't be a must-trade place.
Ihis is all the drama of a sale.
HONG KONG is China’s biggest Bitcoin exchange.
That has not stopped an army of senior-level deal makers.
The data is from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Chris Tuohy is a senior trader in the London office.
Mr. Tuohy was a former Goldman Sachs trader.
He exited from the trade.
The firm added to its bullish trades this spring.
Its stake will be 5.87 percent after the transaction.
But negotiations went nowhere.
It led to illicit personal gains by individual traders.
It's aim is to curb such transactions.
Initially, it charged 5% for every transaction.
A two-sided transaction requires a reputation system.
There’s more of it now than ever before.
Such under-the-radar deals also can be advantageous for buyers.
New technology is facilitating off-market deals.
Many users already treat Bitcoin like a currency.
It is planning to introduce a new Bitcoin exchange.
They often buy and sell Bitcoin on online exchanges.
It also offered the promise of cheaper transactions.
The fund added Imax to its deal portfolio on Tuesday.
The deal offers another lift for Li Ruigang.
Li Ka-shing's next deal could be even bigger.
It depends on the structure and timing of the sale.
In after-hours trading, Apple’s shares were up 7.6 percent.
The latter one is the world's biggest IPO.
Citic Securities International is handling this offering.
We make profits on every transaction.
The volume of deals is drying up. 
The deal now is reviewed by Hong Kong regulators. 
There were 230 IPOs in 2013, raising $62 billion.
They were forced delisting in Shanghai stock exchange.
There is a possibility of a deal between them.
Trading volumes have been falling for a long time.
It’s a deal that Fiat had to get done.
Fiat’s shares soared 16 percent Thursday on the Milan bourse.
Mr. Palazuelo gets acquisition of the sprawling on Dec. 31.
In January, two China-focused exchange-traded funds listed in London.
Dongfeng has just bought itself insurance against this. 
Stock traders' newest move involves harnessing a technology.
They are tying together exchanges around the U.S.
They could place their servers at the exchanges' data centers.
Rapid-fire traders can serve this function better with greater speed.
It was a significant event for high-speed firms.
Nasdaq offers one such network to its trading clients.
They ultimately negotiated the deal.
The deal would make Mr. Koum a multi-billionaire.
The interview's his first since the deal was announced.
It's as was discussed and announced during the deal. 
For venture investors, this lessens the risk of a deal.
He is a 26-year-old trader at a local house.
Soymeal futures are China's most-traded commodity.
Trading surged last year.
265.4 million contracts changed hands on the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
Much of it involved China's Internet giants.
Another aspect of the property sweetened the deal.
The deal was expected to be worth about $400 billion.
These patents is a key motivation of the original transaction.
The latest deal was helped by Motorola's well-known brand.
Google closed the Motorola deal in May 2012.
The deal is subject to customary closing conditions.
The deal will add not only Jim Beam.
It’s a good deal for Beam shareholders. 
The average annual transaction volume was US$859 million. 
You ask me to give you the one big bargain.
The biggest exchange-traded fund buys gold.
Wall Street trading ended at 1 p.m..
It trades in Hong Kong.
They have accused the company of making purchases.
It slides 5.6 percent in the previous two trading sessions.
North Asian companies are doing deals at a breakneck pace.
Do people want to do deals in Southeast Asia?
Big deal activity is surging.
These trading desks have fed populist anger elsewhere.
At that time, the deal surprised many observers.
Popular Chinese bitcoin exchange BTC China has restored a facility.
CFTC extends some swaps rules to overseas firms.
Derivatives contracts allow traders to make bets or hedge risks.
It complies with the ban of so-called proprietary trading. 
It begins to trade on or around Sept.27.
The country's biggest bitcoin exchange suddenly closed RMB deposits. 
They were exposed to clients' bitcoin dealings. 
This is leading to the Birmingham deal.
The company resumed trading last month.
This trade is in total 721 million dollars.
Those transactions included 62 million dollars.
Traders are pushing out their expectations. 
It was almost a deal-breaker.
Some units tried to cover up the transactions.
Similar commodity financing transactions are common in China.
These transactions are in various forms.
Iron ore is used in financing transactions.
It had been clocking decent volumes before its website disappeared.
Yesterday's rally of trading recovered much of those declines. 
Trading price was almost three times book value.
The exchange lost the competition for Twitter's initial public offering.
The deal was great for downtown.
He was pleased with the deal.
There might have been an element of horse-trading.
But how much attention do traders pay?
One Switzerland-based physical oil trader responded bluntly: 'We don't'.
Facebook has the latest deal.
The transaction includes $12 billion in stock.
Here's a roundup of analyst reactions following the deal.
I convinced myself I was dealing with play money.
It supplies traders with nonpublic information.
Wall Street practice of searching for every possible trading advantage.
Prices tend to drop on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
They fielded questions from traders.
This could indicate volatility for near term prices.
Trading volume spiked.
Many traders remained bullish on U.S. oil prices.
Traders are focused on the daily reference rate.
Its bonds were suspended from trading for a second day.
They locate their computer servers close to stock exchanges.
They can make trades milliseconds ahead of everyone else.
The more you pay, the faster you trade.
He has built an alternative electronic exchange called IEX.
Mr. Lewis lays out a black-and-white case against high-speed trading.
The high-frequency traders just do this more efficiently.
The firm specializes in high-frequency trading.
It is a bitcoin exchange based in Bulgaria.
It was experiencing delays in crediting certain transactions.
Both exchanges described the problem as a denial-of-service attack.
The two exchanges account for 56% of bitcoin trading volume.
He linked the problem to a transaction malleability issue.
He has expressed concern about bitcoin's infrastructure and unregulated exchanges.
Ms. Katzen is represented the couple in the transaction.
Alipay can handle transactions on its own website.
Alipay handled $519 billion worth of payments last year.
The Securities and Exchange Commission will review Alibaba's listed materials.
They trade the bitcoins among themselves.
Three major bitcover exchanges have experienced serious failures.
The requires shareholder and regulatory approval.
BG would be Shell's biggest deal by far. 
This is a subversion of common sense of the transaction.
The traders also decided one thing.
The deal was completed six days later.
This will soon become the company's largest overseas deal.
Cross-border transactions will be another major driver of its strategy.
The company began to increase overseas trading efforts.
Trading time goes back to its first cross-border trade.
The deal is operated by this state-owned mid-range hotel operator.
He announced the deal last month.
He is going to buy a large private holding company.
It starts trading on Thursday. 
The stock pops when trading starts.
Physically backed exchange-traded funds account for some demand.
Much of the trading is being done on margin.
The CSRC has imposed a moratorium on initial public offerings.
It worth more than $300 million at current exchange rates.
Kolin Burges is a trader from London. 
They can lower the cost of financial transactions.
A year ago, the exchange suspended operations for several hours.
Bitcoin trading nearly ground to a halt.
Several exchanges have seamlessly picked up the slack.
The virtual coins are a traded product, not a currency.
They scramble to offer depositors a better deal. 
Bad feng shui means no deal.
Friday the London Metal Exchange copper fell 0.2%.
Traders worry about one thing.
There are some worldwide hacking attacks and drug-related arrests. 
The bitcoin-based sales are growing steadily.
More than half were for oil and gas deals. 
The New York Stock Exchange has raised $45.8 billion. 
The trader initially remained in his post.
The U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority began looking into foreign-currency trading.
We participated in a comprehensive and deliberate exchange selection process.
Mt. Gox, the big bitcoin exchange, has disappeared overnight. 
It wasn't the largest exchange anymore.
This situation is known as 'transaction malleability'.
They are trading with the United States.
On July 1, he lowered the cost of securities transactions.
The traders were supposed to be competitors.
Greystar Real Estate Partners has completed seven deals. 
You need to wait until the cash transaction takes place.
Mr. Mahal will be responsible for trading loans.
It may hamper secondary loan trading. 
It would help secondary loan trading.
Deal was decided within 15 minutes. 
Hong Kong Exchanges published a 108-page document. 
The Hong Kong exchange declined to allow this plan.
Stock exchange officials published a notice on Friday.
The question is whether James Murdoch will champion those deals.
Javier Martin is a manager who oversaw the trading strategy.
Julien Grout is a low-level trader in London.
Some of the traders were sounding alarms.
Another trader responded this problem.
Federal authorities took aim at not only the traders.
A trader was't been charged.
This trader is Bruno Iksil.
The traders received significant leeway to value their bets.
Traders steamrolled the independent group in monthly meetings.
That deal looked set to go ahead at 7.50.
The average daily trading volume for the month fell 42%.
Corporate-bond trading saw a similar decline.
The Beats deal is its largest ever.
Mr. Cook called the deal a "no-brainer". 
That trade brought Mr. Jobs back to the company.
Transaction costs include a transfer tax.
This deal is negative to the company's share price.
There are alibaba's poorly explained acquisitions.
It will indicate the recent foreign exchange operations.
They were halted from trading recently according to exchange rules.
The deal was still an astonishing move for him.
Because gold exchange-traded funds are easy to buy and sell.
Venture firms committed $904.2 million across 101 deals last year.
Copper is one of the largest metals in the world.
This includes looking for counterparties to short trades.
The metal financing survey could hit the trading demand.
Li Kaicheng name real estate company announced a complex transaction.
Shares rose about 11 percent in after-hours trading.
Lexmark’s board has approved the transaction.
Moelis & Company acted as financial adviser for the consortium.
The Google and Microsoft deals do not cover viewing abroad.
Russian gas agreement gives China the edge.
China appears to be gaining the upper hand in trading.
This is the largest junk bond deal on record.
What happens if China widens the trading band?
What's happened in the past when China widened the band?
The last widening was in April 2012.
The People's Bank of China widened the trading range.
2013 was not a year of blockbuster closings.
The Chinese currency is freely convertible for trade purposes. 
The declaration will lock in its vision of free trade.
Trade negotiations test democracies to their limits. 
Both countries reap the benefits of closer trade relations.
The seaborne coal trade is under severe stress.
This may be contrary to established trade rules.
They reduce risks from a potential trade embargo.
They have controling stake in Dutch agricultural trading house Nidera.
The free trade zone was established last year. 
The nation’s exports were hit hard by slumping world trade.
Coastal trade is booming.
The Federal Trade Commission does not.
The F.T.C. declined to comment.
But they neglected their consequences, higher fiscal and trade deficits.
Alysia Mattson works near the top of 1 World Trade.
Ralph Chen is senior brand-management director at Geely International Corp..
It benefit under the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The petition invokes Section 201 of the 1974 Trade Act.
But Section 201 cases are also harder to win.
Presidents have almost always followed the commission’s advice.
Other factors are also influencing the aluminum trade.
He also compared the American move to trade protectionism.
He would renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
It is a broad measure of the trade balance.
China is still running surpluses, but they have declined. 
Europe as a whole continued to have roughly balanced trade.
Europe as a whole is running large trade surpluses.
There will be painful negotiations on matters including trade.
Beijing and Washington resumed trade relations in the early 1970s.
The United States has mostly run a huge trade deficit.
Citadel (Shanghai) Trading owns the suspended account.
Tim Groser is the New Zealand’s trade negotiator.
It has the world’s largest trade surplus.
On China-Korea Economic Agenda: FX, Free Trade Talks
The first one is to speed up free trade talks.
The trade loophole has helped Taiwanese businesses.
The European trade settlement could help increase production as well.
Karel De Gucht is the European trade commissioner.
For the United States, such trade ties have geopolitical undertones.
The Chinese-led trade pact, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.
Why not have other countries follow this free-trade proposal?
In better times, prosperity increased trade and trade increased prosperity.
There are also signs that the slowdown is becoming structural.
New barriers are rising.
Most trade flows among developed nations.
Economic stagnation is turning European voters against trade, too.
It is trade’s cheerleaders that deserve some of the blame.
Subsea UK, an Aberdeen-based trade group.
Global activity and trade cycles are getting stronger and stronger.
The development could draw scrutiny from Western trading partners.
Li & Fung is the Hong Kong merchandiser.
Products made in China are blocked by trade barriers.
Those imports are weighing heavily on the trade balance. 
On trade, others are sprinting ahead. 
Both agreements have great potential.
The two pacts got a boost last week.
We are in a period of trade war.
Trade figures will be released on Sunday.
The free trade zone would make customs procedures much easier.
They also expanded trade and deepened ties with allies.
Those countries depend on foreign trade. 
It’s a global trade story.
It enacted by the Federal Trade Commission.
The countries will use trade discrimination to prevent imbalances.
Washington actually enacts trade sanctions. 
The long period of booming trade growth formed peoples' expectations.
China jioned the World Trade Organization in December 2001.
That will mean slower trade growth.
This action expects the country's trade surpluses to widen.
This is a broad measure of trade and financing.
But we also realize free trade is a two-way street.
China is one of Peru’s top trading partners.
The Exporters Association is a trade group in Peru.
They are much tighter with China than the U.S.
They trade less with germany because of it.
Greece ranked 44th among german trading partners.
Germany’s largest trading partner is still france.
It did 169 billion euros in import-export business last year.
It’s  trade links.
A semiconductor trade show is held in Taiwan last week.
The volume of trade is enormous.
We are not against trade.
Who cares if trade takes the form of offshoring?
The new statute violated Namibia’s obligations under trade treaties.
Treaties are intended to promote prosperity by reducing trade barriers.
Ukraine and Australia barely trade.
Paying the legal bills was standard practice in W.T.O. disputes.
It remains involved in arms trading.
He is a former lawyer for the Federal Trade Commission.
Chinese trade rules put impact on south korea's kimchi industry.
China signed a free-trade agreement with South Korea in June.
Trade data out Monday showed that's not happening. 
This include its second straight record deficit. 
The yuan made trading partners uncertain about China's monetary intentions.
Government pointed to the country's shrinking trade surpluses.
Michael B. Froman is the United States trade representative.
Trade in tech goods surpassed $4 trillion annually.
Taiwan will report March trade figures later Monday.
This covers temporary trade and external shocks.
Holiday can distort January-February data in much of Asia.
The first-quarter trade data should be discounted.
April data will be first clean' data.
Trade growth in Taiwan and South Korea has been muted.
It includes trade data from Thailand and the Philippines.
China is trying to recalibrate toward consumption over trade.
Trade between the U.S. and China was also disappointing.
The U.S is the recovery of China's major trade partners.
It offseted recent declines in trade and industrial production.
China's currency has become increasingly popular in settling total trade.
That is unconstitutional under the interstate commerce clause.
The T.P.P. is conducive to the development of global trade.
China sets Hong Kong-Shanghai trading deal.
The blueprint calls for more free-trade zones.
It aims at regulating trade.
It will join the World Trade Organization's GPA.
The trade body had brought the initial case against Uber.
It is often through trade financing deals. 
It hurts its balance of trade.
There are often big some trade deficits.
The trade deficit is already 2.2% of GDP.
The trade deficit is rising all the time.
The trade deficit is getting close to 4% of GDP.
Australia still manages to run a big trade deficit.
This has made the trade data less and less reliable.
Chinese traders are in a unique position to take advantage.
Chinese traders get around China's capital controls.
Trader makes the world's second-largest economy even more inscrutable.
Peter Nabicht is a former high-speed trader.
The U.S. will have some explaining to do on trade.
The Obama administration has been pushing regional trade deals.
Africa's trade with China rose to $210 billion last year.
Trade figures have been bullish.
Commerce that traverses borders is often added to multiple ledgers.
There is a trade-in program. 
These are such as trade finance and loans.
This fuels trade and growth by domestic companies.
Chinese traders are expanding channels.
Trade deficits with China have also been a key factor.
The Japan External Trade Organization is a government affiliated body.
Trade ties have suffered since 2012.
Trade competition with China has hurt various workers and communities.
Because trade increases overall global economic output.
But most of this trade was between rich countries.
There is also a damaging trade imbalance.
Instead, China has run a persistent trade surplus.
The trade deficit would shrink.
The problem is not trade liberalization.
Indonesia’s trade deficit starts shrinking in the coming months .
Those numbers come from the trade data released last week.
This thanks to a resurgence in global trade.
Much of that is very likely trade financing.
Yet Walmart insists that cost-cutting enables its “always low prices.” 
Alibaba, which has a massive logistics network, can get goods to customers within one day.
Its ultimate goal is even loftier, deliveries to any Chinese city within 24 hours.
Manufacturers also wanted to signal quality by discouraging deep discounting. 
The retailer falsely advertised discounts for items that it had never sold at a higher price. 
The $75 list price was “the highest price you could actually see the product being sold for.” 
The rupee is in free fall, resulting in higher prices for imported goods.
In Malaysia, businesses struggle with higher costs for items priced in dollars as the local currency falls.
Throughout Mexico, the weak peso has been lifting prices for everything from cars to cooking gas to tortillas.
PFASs are used to make nonstick frying pans, stain-resistant fabrics, fast-food wrappers, microwave popcorn bags and thousands of other products.
We eventually pay for ads, anyway, as that cost is baked into products we purchase.
Some companies that sell difficult-to-fit items, such as Warby Parker with eyeglasses, send customers try-on versions at no cost.
The drug have sold illicit goods for Bitcoin on the Silk Road website and its successors.
The reason is that the effect of falling tonnages of key commodities was compounded considerably by lower commodity prices.
They also face losses on their earlier purchases, as prices have continued to drop.
The ChemChina took a minority stake in Mercuria, a Swiss energy and commodities company. 
He reverse a prolonged and damaging slide in the price of goods and services in Japan.
Even very small countries mostly sell goods and services to themselves.
Taobao “is an important concern due to the large volume of allegedly counterfeit and pirated goods available.
When shoppers check out products in stores that they then buy from Web sites like Amazon.
Executives viewed the pick-up-in-store feature as a way to draw consumers into stores and encourage customers to buy more.
This has given rise to a raft of businesses that specialize in ferrying goods to people’s homes.
In such situation, countries would seek competitive advantage by making their goods cheaper in global markets.
The buyers can take a look at other stuff that Drinchlee is selling, such as football teams T-shirts.
Other manufacturers contacted by China Real Time said they were hoping to push the product out sooner. 
A neighborhood grocer serving local produce must compete with nearby international chain supermarkets.
The international chain supermarkets offer goods flown in from the opposite ends of the Earth.
Durable goods data, tracked by the Census Bureau, is often highly volatile on a month-to-month basis.
That gives its companies a big and unfair advantage when selling its goods abroad.
Most of the Chinese goods are still in the way of shipping.
In turn, it would make Chinese goods even more competitive in the United States and Europe.
Authorized distributors generally aren't supposed to sell to vendors outside the brands' authorized retailer rolls.
Because Chinese customers are so used to shopping for discounts there.
The company also has a dedicated team in Italy to source limited-edition items for customers.
Pompei says it's well equipped to compete with official stores of the brand-name goods it sells.
Official brand stores tend to have similar prices for goods in their online and physical stores.
Most goods that he sells are shipped straight from the distributors so that he doesn't need to store the products.
Still, Standard Chartered said it took a $175 million impairment charge in connection with a commodities fraud scandal in China.
Western bankers allege illegally pledged the same stocks of commodities multiple times as collateral to get loans.
And that in the past decade included the peak of the commodities boom.
The institutions that are now becoming involved are generally not interested in selling goods for Bitcoins.
JD.com has an army of 18,000 delivery people and a network of warehouses to maintain. 
And it is more than offsetting the money that comes in from China’s selling of more goods overseas.
Expanded supply has helped moderate commodity prices over the past year.
The International Monetary Fund's index of all commodity prices is down about 12% from recent peaks.
The rejection of the settlement means that their merchandise will face the 47.6 percent tariff.
Solar panels represent more than 6 percent of China’s exports to the Continent.
China is the biggest importer of commodities, from countries like Australia and Brazil. 
These firms, which deliver goods ordered online to customers, have risen on the back of Alibaba’s success.
Russia has suffered from low commodity prices and political tension with the West.
How a tariff on Chinese imports would ripple through American life?
Manufacturing many goods in China has kept their prices lower than they would be if made here.
Americans would end up buying fewer Chinese things, and fewer things from anywhere else.
A product labeled "Made in China" is not necessarily 100 percent Chinese.
In fact, making Chinese-made goods more expensive would ripple through American shopping malls.
And the Chinese government's response would probably be tariffs of its own on American goods and services.
They will attract customers by having a more carefully chosen selection.
LG sold about $675 million worth of TVs, smartphones, washing machines, vacuum cleaners and other goods in Japan last year.
That will no longer be the same dominant force in commodities.
The slowdown has raised fears that the country will now buy fewer goods and services from other countries.
Demand for the commodity was falling as economies around the world slowed.
In a worrying sign, Russians have been buying up big-ticket items as the ruble depreciates.
A stronger currency makes the goods that Chinese manufacturers export relatively more expensive to foreigners.
This should change assumptions at some of the world's biggest commodity firms. 
They are also down in the United States from a year ago amid weak prices for oil and other commodities.
A weaker renminbi could further dampen Chinese demand for imported commodities.
There was a sudden sense that building a blue-chip business from virtual goods might be virtually impossible.
It's their financial innovation,' said Catherine Virga, director of research at New York-based commodity research company CPM Group. 
Of course, price declines are also driven by weaker demand, especially in China.
And prices for many commodities, including oil, remain far above their average from 10 or 15 years ago. 
But the global supply picture is the best in years. 
And it remains unclear how the world can sustain the commodity-production gains still needed to meet future demand. 
This means more production increases will be needed in the future as the Chinese economy grows. 
Andrew Shaw is a commodities analyst at Credit Suisse in Singapore. 
The commodity boom allowed governments and companies to avoid hard choices.
As commodity prices continue to swoon, driven in large part by China’s weaker demand.
Growth in Latin America should move back to pre-commodity boom rates.
The symbiotic relationship is between the largest importer of commodities and one of the biggest commodity-exporting regions.
Despite any slowdown in growth, China’s long-term demand for commodities remained voracious.
The rules allow countries to retaliate by restricting imports of subsidized or dumped goods.
Barring a few exceptions, the world’s most-expensive real estate consists of commoditized rectangular boxes of concrete. 
Analysts at the time said the move could bolster Chinese exports by making them cheaper in other currencies.
It was also expected to reduce Chinese imports, since foreign goods and services would cost more in renminbi.
Beijing announced plans to issue enough land for the construction of 70,000 units of owner-occupied homes.
A gigantic online marketplace is with more than 800 million items from over 7 million merchants.
Companies promised to deliver items from headphones to television sets before Christmas.
I would have gladly done had Amazon not guaranteed their arrival before Christmas. 
It wouldn't be able to get some goods to customers in time for Christmas.
It would pay the full cost of all items not delivered in time. 
We are deeply sorry for disappointing our customers expecting delivery in time for Christmas. 
If the store ran out of stock, then the items they paid for would be available for store pickup.
The person may have checked out earlier on their phone or desktop.
It isn't meant for buying things from merchants, online or off. 
Unlike EachNet, Mr. Ma’s company did not charge sellers fees to list their merchandise.
Gross merchandise value is also not defined under accounting standards, and critics have grown increasingly skeptical of the numbers.
There is plunge in the price of oil and other commodities.
The continuing collapse in commodity prices pushed oil futures to new lows Monday．
The drop in commodities is being felt throughout the energy sector and beyond.
Natural gas and steel make up the bulk of Russia's exports.
Recent price declines for major commodities are now greater than in any crisis of the past 30 years.
Even formerly hot advanced economies like Canada are suffering from the commodity glut.
There were also plenty of outdated or no- brand products in the bargains.
This does not mean that a quarter of the economy was dedicated to producing goods for exports.
The proportion of China’s exports that is made in China has risen steadily in recent years.
By contrast, China imported only $152.6 billion worth of goods directly from the United States.
JD, like Amazon.com , runs its own online store that sells goods kept in its own warehouses.
JD could also allow shoppers on the site to view what their WeChat friends have said about certain items.
Bitcoin was a virtual commodity that does not share the same legal status of a currency.
Bitcoin was not a currency in the real meaning of the word but rather a virtual commodity.
The site was being used to buy and sell drugs, weapons and pornography.
Virtual currencies could not be used to purchase real-life goods or services.
Retailers can help smartphone users find goods on store shelves, and wirelessly pitch sales promotions.
This site will sweep the problem of the quality of goods, fake flooding away.
In 2010, Alibaba acquired the eBay listing tools Auctiva and Vendio, which gave it access to over 250,000 eBay sellers.
It is estimated that these businesses publish goods equivalent to eBay released all the goods 5% to 10%.
11 Main uses Auctiva's technology to allow businesses to upload their existing eBay merchandise content to the company's website.
It also banned the purchase of real-world goods and services with virtual currency.
It allows online game players to use virtual currency to purchase virtual items.
They are more properly categorized as commodities or securities is not clear.
The 2009 statement prohibited their use to buy 'real goods and services.
The IMF points out the composition of Chinese demand for commodities is likely to shift.
Other commodities will do well as incomes in China rise. 
It has gobbled up American producer goods, so prospects for broader American exports are good.
Gross domestic product is the broadest measure of goods and services produced in the economy.
Economists said the number was weighed down mostly by weak demand for Japanese goods abroad.
He left the Lower East Side to peddle on the railroad.
It requires American firms that manufacture in China to transfer their technology to Chinese businesses.
Part of the theme is the end of the commodities super-cycle and what that means for inflation.
Emerging markets must shuffle along under weak commodity exports and capital outflows.
Indonesia was once a symbol of everything that could go wrong in a commodity-dependent country during tough times.
It would make Chinese goods even more competitive in foreign markets.
Shipping containers are full of imported items like television sets and brand-name clothing bound for the growing number of malls.
Patricia Mohr, a commodity-market specialist at Bank of Nova Scotia, said a reduction in Chinese capacity is unlikely.
The developer plans to bid for land zoned for a new class of private housing in Beijing.
It would ensure enough land to build 70,000 units 'self-use' housing units this year.
Owners will be prohibited from selling the new homes for five years.
Prices for other commodities have fallen as new technologies, discoveries, and efficiencies have improved.
The central bank’s very success in curtailing deflation drove prices higher for the first time in nearly two decades.
By July, it had made over $16 billion in short-term loans to companies that sell goods on its sites.
Its largest site, Taobao, is a free-for-all bazaar featuring hundreds of millions of goods from eight million merchants.
Tmall is a higher-end site with products from the likes of Apple Inc., Nike Inc. and Gap Inc.
Will businesses and individuals everywhere routinely use bitcoin to purchase goods and services? 
When customs collects tariffs, it relies on such rules to determine where the goods were made.
Europe generally requires what is known as a double transformation in goods.
The company has estimated that the gross value of merchandise sold on Taobao and Tmall.com last year exceeded $163 billion.
Alibaba operates online businesses including the merchandise sourcing Web site Alibaba.com.
Some countries have a comparative advantage in the production of specific goods and services in a competitive global market.
It’s hard to fit professors' analysis onto a label or advertising slogan.
We need to be the destination of that capital in terms of fixed income, currencies, derivatives, commodities. 
The commodification of digital culture has engendered more explicit corporate branding, too. 
It scans bar codes and takes voice commands to restock their refrigerator and cabinets.
Brazil was growing largely because of commodities like iron ore and soybeans.
The online store separates tabs for apps, e-books, TV shows, movies and music.
Keiji Uchiyama is manager of the marble-floored store, brimming with imported fragrances, pastel macaroons and slick designer bags.
For now, he is helped by a weak yen, which inflates the price of imported products.
Small businesses and individuals post ads for apartments, used goods, pets and so on on 58.com.
It spares its members from having to line up for deals.
Under the agreement, each country will scrap tariffs on more than 90 percent of goods. 
You can look at all the other high-end commodities that have been impacted as far as China sales. 
Government officials believe that will eventually curb demand for such items. 
Falling prices for commodities are hurting natural-resource-rich countries like Australia and Russia.
They look up something on Amazon and then buy it in a store.
The Taiwan application seeks to protect the iWatch name in two product categories, under international standards for trademarks.
Commodities prices have slumped, decreasing the chances of a big payday for Syngenta.
China consistently tops the rankings when it comes to buying companies in commodities and agribusiness.
It recently took a minority stake in Mercuria, a Swiss energy and commodities company.
In good times, companies and people take on new loans, often at low interest rates, to buy goods and services.
China's commodity imports actually rose in March amid lower prices for energy and minerals. 
It is also allowing customers to pick up online orders in stores or, in a test in Washington, in lockers.
It has software to watch social media like Pinterest for popular products and to monitor online prices. 
They have driven prices for many commodities sharply lower this year.
Some commodities, including iron ore and aluminum, in the past month have begun to recoup their 2014 losses.
How developments play out will have broad implications for the global economy.
China has come to dominate world commodity markets in the past 15 years.
There won't demand information on a homebuyer's prior home purchases. 
Arnaldo Luiz Corrêa is the director of St. Paulo, Brazil-based Archer Consulting.
China is the world's biggest importer of Brazilian commodities from soybeans to iron ore.
Harsh winter weather across parts of the U.S. also could have weighed on demand for Asian goods.
Across the commodities landscape, this worrisome mismatch mainly traces back to the same source: China.
All the excess is crushing prices, hurting commodity-dependent economies across emerging markets.
The commodities hangover, the dark side of a decade-long boom, could last for a while.
The flood of raw materials is pressuring prices, prompting a painful shakeout.
Michael Levi likened the reversal to a rainfall that first relieved a drought but then created a flood.
Commodities have always been subject to booms and busts, rising and falling with the global economy.
While the global economy faltered, China continued to grow, buying ever more commodities from developing countries.
Equal proportions of stocks, commodities, long-term government bonds and inflation-protected government bonds is necessary.
Commodities and real estate might do well in times of unanticipated inflation.
Commodities and real estate might offsett any losses on bonds (and stocks).
Diamonds are seen as value items here, which is at the core of their attraction. 
It adds to the cost of goods manufactured in Asia. 
A central-bank index of Australia's major commodity exports dropped to the lowest level. 
Growth in South Korea's exports serve a similar customer base. 
China has made efforts to take control of prices of other commodities. 
His funds hold copper as part of a broad basket of commodities.
Taobao is a gigantic marketplace with seven million merchants and 800 million item listings.
Sooner or later, the Chinese economy will rebalance more toward services, and higher-end goods.
Strong demand and a lack of new homes in downtown areas in major cities are pushing prices up.
The property sector contributes roughly 16% of the country's GDP and is the most important determinant of commodity demand.
Argus, another provider, assessed spot LNG for delivery to northeast Asia at $20.40/mmBtu on Feb.4.
It started out as a daily-deals website like Groupon in 2010.
Why do you think the inventory-based business model may be less profitable?
Imports will be stored here before they are transported to the city of london.
Andreas Nigg is head of equity and commodity strategy at Bank Vontobel in Zurich. 
It cut demand for these hard commodities that had been previously been favored. 
It takes the number of commodity futures contracts traded to 38.
Matthew Dalziel is chief operating officer of commodities broker Marex Spectron for Asia. 
The yuan tends to make American-made goods more competitive by rendering them cheaper by comparison. 
It makes their goods more expensive to sell overseas and their revenues, which come in foreign currencies, smaller. 
Imported commodities such as copper, aluminum and iron ore to obtain short-term financing. 
The national statistics office uses a single set of prices for goods to determine growth figures.
That gave the country's manufacturers a lift in global markets by lowering the relative price of their goods. 
Some of the biggest financings in 2013 involved commodity and energy producers.
He noted that Japanese products that are widely considered as 'cool' in China continue to enjoy brisk sales.
Goods worth $248 billion were sold on its marketplaces in 2013.
19.7 percent of “gross merchandise value” or the value of goods sold on its sites, came from mobile users.
He floated the idea of a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports.
If the yuan were still undervalued, companies wouldn't have needed to reduce prices further.
China has gradual shift away from industries dependent on commodity imports from Asian neighbors toward service industries.
Mainland visitors’ shopping patterns are moving from the high end of the market to midpriced products and daily necessities.
Dairy and meat are New Zealand's most valuable exports to China.
Growing signs of weakening Chinese demand for commodities are gradually obvious.
That is good news for commodity producers like Australia and Brazil.
The price of oil, as with other commodities, goes up and down.
The practice of using commodities to back loans is legal in China.
Producer prices, which measure inflation at the factory level, were down 2% from a year ago.
Shipments to the European Union have risen for goods like shoes and smartphones.
Output of goods and services per person has grown by about 45% since 1987. 
Conversely, India, the Philippines, South Korea and Thailand are commodity-importing countries.
The price of the commodity has fallen 9.6% since the start of the year.
Most of Asia's exports are landed on the West Coast of the United States
Last month, China signaled its intention to have greater pricing power in the global commodities market.
Exporters' goods would be cheaper in the U.S. and other foreign markets. 
Now he is expanding to areas other than China's demand for commodities.
The core gauge tracks a basket of goods and services but excludes fresh food, whose costs are volatile. 
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group's new U.S. shopping site is anything but Chinese. 
Some of the cheapest items include $6.99 flip flops and $8.99 faux suede wedges. 
The overall mix of products seems quite random, lacking a clear focus. 
The U.S. is increasingly using the currency to pay for goods from the mainland. 
The norm is a lot of money comes into commodity index funds at the beginning of the year.
Some profits at companies like Apple derive not from physical goods.
You would drop off your item at your nearest station. 
A goods and services tax equal to 5 percent of the purchase price is charged at the time of sale.
The Lunar New Year is a prime suspect behind the surge in demand.
The slack global economy made the bottom fall out of the market for oil and other commodities.
A sustained decline in prices can lead to higher unemployment and is notoriously difficult to reverse.
Excluding public housing, prices in March rose 7.7% compared with 8.6% in February.
A short position is a contract that is borrowed and sold.
The concept of restricting the import of goods would help to set a debate for the follow-up negotiations frame.
It is also the world's largest importer of industrial commodities such as copper.
China's imports of commodities will return from the level of historical records in April drop.
That suggests that much like consumption, Chinese exports are in decent shape.
We think both tourist and local consumption will fall in October.
China is the world’s biggest consumer of seaborne iron ore,accounting for about two-thirds of global demand. 
The affluent group of consumers in the high end and middle class has reached a certain level of saturation.
The combination of this has reduced the number of Chinese traveling and, by extension, those exposed to luxury goods. 
Many of these people live in tertiary cities where luxury goods do not exist.
They are now turning to agriculture, technologies, high-end manufacturing, consumer goods, real estate, services and brands. 
Fast moving consumer goods, brands and experiences such as tourism are expected to feature prominently. 
No one is betting against the desire of the Chinese middle class to spend money — especially the young.
The young are rapidly reversing their parents’ habit of saving much more than they spend.
China's consumer price index ticked up to a year-on-year pace of 1.4 percent in June.
Consumer price inflation in China has reached the bottom of the cycle, but upward pressure remains minimal.
This should boost confidence and consumer spending over time, which should lead to a rebound in inflation.
The objective was to “safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
Fraud occurred by cheating social-media accounts, credit card spending and consumer refunds.
Another 13 percent of consumers would prefer to adopt fingerprint recognition.
In terms of per customer spending, those born in 1987 took the first place.
These consumers do not necessarily have the money for a Gucci or Louis Vuitton handbag.
These consumers perceive big brands as catering to the nouveau riche.
Consumers also want to differentiate themselves by spending money on experiences.
Consumers are also showing more of an interest in homegrown brands.
In 2009, Alibaba launched the Singles Day online sales as a festival of conspicuous consumption.
Each is introducing an impressive, new large crossover aimed at roughly the same affluent buyers.
It will prove which models consumers prefer and which marketing techniques prove more effective.
We Americans have come to create and consume automatically and continuously a kind of recent-past wistfulness.
There is a effect of cheaper energy on consumption in oil importing countries. 
The bigger effect would be a redistribution of income from oil producers to consumers.
Savvy shoppers know that duty free does not automatically mean everything is a bargain.
I'd like to talk about consumerism in capitalist and communist countries.
I don't know if anyone has actually noticed but Japan is very, what's the word, "consumerized".
Everything is built for advertising, for consuming, for buying, for competing, for constantly making newer and better goods.
When I was living in Cuba we tried to explain how in a capitalist society, how consumerism would work. 
While Taobao and TMall, the consumer ecommerce sites of Alibaba, are China's largest online retail sites. 
It is often far better to own a platform that brings consumers together than the underlying asset. 
Amazon launched Prime in India to take advantage of the country's large consumer et.
The “conversations with consumers” that brand managers talk about were decidedly one-way. 
Amazon is reportedly planning to produce its own brand of consumer goods products. 
A consumer places a laundry detergent button next to their washing machine.
The arrival of the Apple Watch has not changed US attitudes. 
Two companies believed that there is a place for a digital dental device above the sink.
Kolibree noted that it had shown its brush on January's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
The Taiwanese company launched the Transformer Book Duet TD300 at the Consumer Electronics Show in January.
Brian Krzanich, Intel's chief executive, showed the Asustek convertible device during his CES speech.
Such hybrid products, in theory, could appeal to buyers who are interested in both work chores and leisure-time activities.
Consumers around the world seem to have an endless appetite for new versions of Apple’s iPhone.
For those users who just want to consume the content, the cheaper tablets are good enough products, Ms. Kitagawa said.
One semiautonomous unit cater to Chinese consumers and the other devoted to the international market.
There are currently four undisputed rulers of the consumer technology industry, Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google.
Consumers in developing economies are projected to buy electronic devices at significantly higher rates than in western countries.
They hope to persuade local consumers to purchase more advanced cellphones and other mobile devices.
That has left many companies unable to benefit financially from consumers’ almost insatiable demand for the latest tech gadgets.
Phone manufacturers makers must prove that their devices can offer a unique experience to consumers.
Some companies are selling the new digital lighting in traditional forms that will fit into the prerevolutionary world.
In recent years, consumers have been asked to compromise on quality to get energy savings.
With the latest generation of LEDs, the consumer gets the energy savings without compromise.
Fewer consumers were listing “burned out or broken” as the main reason for switching bulb formats.
Services like Netflix and iTunes have prompted some consumers to drop cable.
Consumers in China seem more willing to go online for movies music and even role-playing fantasy games.
It is in part due to very wealthy consumers is nearing the limits of what they are willing to spend.
The differences between the services become apparent once you start spending. 
Take the case of Pablo Ardila, a former provincial governor in Colombia known for hunting trophies and lavish spending. 
New customers who start out bidding low on the whole do not turn into bigger spenders 20 years later.
It will be linked to the Consumer Price Index in 2022.
It reminded me that the plantation system of the Old South benefited its genteel owners and consumers of its products.
And its shoppers are using their gadgets to snap up a wide array of goods and services.
Slashing unemployment benefits which would have the side effect of reducing incomes and hence consumer spending.
And as family incomes fell, so did consumer spending, compounding the damage.
It highlights how pressure from US consumers is driving changes to the country’s food culture.
They know how to really appeal to the 21st century consumer.
It was accused of tricking customers into thinking they were getting big discounts.
Amazon would take every possible step to maximize consumers ability to make informed decisions.
Many of whom possess a budding appetite for high-end consumer goods and mobile phones
We knew we had to move fast to grab a leadership position in the minds of fledgling Iranian luxury consumers
Branded cosmetics, with their accessible price points, are often perceived as gateway products to luxury spending. 
When we conducted market research among Iranian luxury goods consumers, we found that 
The tech-savvy consumer here is just as hungry for immediate gratification as their Western counterparts
It was found liable in a lower court for using misleading reference prices to exaggerate potential customer savings. 
This court may hope that Amazon would take every possible step to maximize consumers ability to make informed decisions
To hedge against inflation and general uncertainty, consumers have furiously acquired gold.
For Malaysia’s consumers and for companies that serve them imports are getting more expensive.
The consumer is really only picking between different versions of the same commoditized beef, chicken, and pork.
Americans expect that chemicals used in consumer products have been tested for safety.
Simpson, 67, works for a nonprofit called Consumer Watchdog, where he directs its Privacy Project.
The software alerts managers to excessive numbers of sales that are voided.
But rising prices do not mean that the economy has become more dynamic, or that consumer trends have increased.
Companies in other places routinely pass on higher costs to consumers.
But in Japan, companies with rising costs will feel unable to raise prices because consumer wages haven't increased.
The company would rather take a hit to their profits or cut down expenses rather than alienate consumers.
The Consumer Price Index is back below zero, after an upswing during Mr. Abe’s first two years in office.
The government is considering delaying an increase in the national sales tax planned for April 2017.
But the first increase, in 2014, hurt consumers' confidence and was blamed for pushing the economy into recession.
We figure it will take another year before we know how receptive are consumers to price increases.
The purpose of antitrust law is to force down consumer prices.
There were complaints that foreign auto brands abusing their control over supplies of spare parts to overcharge consumers.
The deal was a strategic opportunity for Citic to invest in the expanding Chinese consumer sector.
The competition comes from a boom in quick-service Chinese restaurant chains and a shift toward healthier eating.
Yum has struggled to keep up with changing customer tastes and competition from both local and international players.
People was concern about how McDonald’s could expand and retain customers.
It have prompted consumers to buy more expensive automobiles with bigger engines.
We must learn to enjoy ourselves ― and above all to consume, without restraint and without worrying about tomorrow.
Chinese consumers don't prefer the often substandard offerings from domestic manufacturers.
Facebook has said publicly that it wants to make the experience of consuming content online more seamless.
The new proposal by Facebook carries another risk for publishers: the loss of valuable consumer data.
It is like many companies uses that information itself to target and track consumers more effectively for advertisers .
It also says a lot about the growing importance of Asian consumers.
And it shows the way they consume entertainment media and luxury goods.
The show's unexpected consumer impact definitely helps the sits distribution around the world.
The Edsel was supposed to be advertised strictly on the basis of preferences expressed in polls.
The training is for firms in media, consumer products, finance and hospitality.
This would be one of the largest consumer class-action settlements ever in the United States.
Radio is the way that most consumers say they discover new music.
It also comes as Alibaba moves to satisfy increasingly sophisticated Chinese consumers who want higher quality goods.
A growing number of Chinese consumers say they want to buy from sources they can better trust.
That businesses manage their own inventory and act more as curators for finicky customers.
The online orders for in-store pickup also tended to be much larger than typical in-store purchases.
It has become accepted wisdom that consumer electronics products can no longer be made in the United States.
There have also been some highly visible moves by America’s largest consumer and industrial manufacturers.
The company is hoping that consumers will be willing to pay more.
Japanese stores pulled menus from its counters to shorten the time taken by customers placing orders.
They must regain consumer trust or else people would just not be interested in them any more.
Russia’s consumer protection agency suddenly announced that certain McDonald’s items did not meet Russia’s health safety standards.
The Russian agency, known as Rospotrebnadzor, has since finished its inspections.
The layout required by Rospotrebnadzor does not reflect modern food industry standards when many food products are processed.
Russia’s consumer protection agency and health ministry have repeatedly insisted this idea.
In Brazil, the currency depreciation and a slowdown in consumption, even during the World Cup last year, have eroded profits.
The consumer price inflation expected to come in at less than 1 per cent in February.
It opens up enormous purchasing power for consumers and creating tough challenges for governments around the world.
They are looking to clean up the abuses and stem further damage to consumer confidence.
They are still too high to lure more demand from drivers and other consumers.
On top of the fears was a sense among some Chinese consumers.
Mr. Su saw that Chinese consumers were losing interest in Pizza Hut. 
Peggy Liu, the founder of Juccce, is working with Chinese consumers, producers and bureaucrats.
It’s diverting spending away from their goods and services to its own, and thereby taking away jobs.
To avoid a European depression, it needed to spend more as its neighbors were forced to spend less.
The claim tapped into widespread consumer fright in China over food safety.
Around five years ago, Mr. Su saw that Chinese consumers were losing interest in Pizza Hut.
The move marks the latest sign of the growing power of the Chinese consumer.
Chinese customers has also shown a desire for safety and quality.
Consumer safety is very important to us, which is how we came to this decision.
Ikea’s products appeal to Chinese consumers willing to spend a bit more for quality.
China’s 30 years of untrammeled growth have given rise to a vast consumer market.
The program accuses major companies of violating the interests of consumers.
That has made companies especially sensitive to negative consumer perceptions in China.
Angry consumers took to social media to complain about the company’s recall practices.
An editorial published on Xinhua denounced the recall exclusion as blatant bullying.
Shenzhen Consumer Council is a government organization in the southern Chinese city.
Ikea said it would begin discussing the possibility of a recall with the China Consumer Association.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a stark warning to owners of furniture included in the recall.
Many consumers were unaware of the dangers posed by unsecured furniture.
Customers, the media and the public will increasingly demand new corporations.
Last year, 3.1 million Americans had their phones stolen according to a Consumer Reports survey. 
The company’s creativity seems to make its customers feel creative, too.
The American economy was bolstered by robust spending among consumers and businesses alike.
He said the data today was very consistent with a U.S. consumer that is doing quite well.
Consumers are receiving a boost in the form of lower gas prices.
Similarly, consumers have gotten a big boost recently from the steep drop in gas prices since the summer.
Consumption growth appears to have accelerated further in Q4, with plunging gasoline prices shifting upside to more discretionary areas.
Economists tend to put more weight on other factors like employment, consumer spending and income.
The year's final Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan survey of consumer sentiment, also released Tuesday morning.
Consumer expectations in the survey were still at their best levels since January 2007.
The government passes the subsidy cost on to consumers in a surcharge.
The company has begun the twin tasks of designing fixes for the vehicles and containing consumer outrage and litigation.
It is one of the world’s largest technology and consumer markets.
According to Chinese law, incompatibility without advance warning to customers could be regarded as being anticompetitive.
Microsoft dominated personal computers because its Windows software became the center of the consumer software world.
Even those who have benefited from the tech workers and their free-spending ways say something is amiss.
Consumers in 28 E.U. countries need to pay roaming charges for travel outside their home country.
The law will give E.U. consumers the option of buying roaming service from any operator on the Continent.
Consumers are abandoning their mobile services entirely if they do not reduce roaming rates.
The operators joined an alliance of carriers offering pan-European mobile phone roaming service.
A survey of 13,000 consumers in 13 European countries was obtained by the International Herald Tribune.
Meanwhile, European privacy regulators are considering tough regulations to protect consumers on the Internet.
As the economy slows, the government wants to nurture a credit culture to get Chinese families spending instead of saving.
The government is trying to bolster consumer spending to help offset the sharp decline in the smokestack industries.
China will need to increase the use of credit to make it easier to spend. 
Most consumers lack access to credit cards, loans and other traditional products offered by banks. 
Online lenders are emerging as the pioneers, catering to China’s rising consumer class. 
Compared with the broad consumer base, there is still lots of room to go.
The government pushes to build its growing consumer and high-tech sectors.
It amounts to a golden handshake for utilities at the expense of taxpayers and consumers.
It is already the second-largest consumer after China and ahead of the United States.
Not all businesses are yet complying, but meanwhile dissatisfied customers are already finding traction in the courts.
Although consumers are now protected, now the law-abiding vendors have lost protection.
China looks set to surpass India as the No. 1 gold consumer this year. 
Per Chinese capita consumption is 4.5 grams per year far below the global average of 24 grams.
Three-cornered square dance of desire, rarity and ubiquity is in consumerism's weird. 
They were quick to meet demand for sport-utility vehicles and China-tailored new models. 
Most major foreign auto makers posted total sales gains as Chinese drivers continue to favor foreign brands. 
At the same time, they are increasing spending on marketing to reach Chinese consumers. 
Analysts said Hyundai's adoption of European-style designs has catered to Chinese consumers' aesthetic. 
That led to Chinese consumers last year scorning Japanese brands. 
A multi-purpose vehicle ，with a three-row-seat version， is designed for China to cater local preference to roomy space .
Chinese consumers remain less loyal to auto brands than in the West. 
You do quality work and people will want to pay for it.
As Americans consumed billions of dollars in cheap electronics, apparel and other Chinese goods.
Fiat Chrysler’s pattern of poor performance put millions of its customers, and the driving public, at risk.
Federal officials said the company had repeatedly failed to notify consumers of recalls and complete repairs in time.
The gray-market vendors turn around and resell the products to consumers in China.
Mr. Wong also plans to open up other online stores for Chinese shoppers.
Few consumers showed much interest in using the digital money to pay their bills.
European consumers have long leaned toward diesel cars ― a collective habit that might be difficult to break.
There is no similar tradition in Europe that would encourage consumers to collectively demand financial redress.
The average bill at local eateries is higher than fast-food outlets.
Mr. Draghi tried to make credit more available to businesses and consumers.
The anticipation can cause many phone shoppers to delay their purchases, leading to a surge in the holiday quarter.
Customers wait patiently for a new model in the two weaker quarters.
Alibaba is still the most popular destination for Chinese online shopping consumers, either through personal computers or mobile phones.
In the business-to-consumer space, Alibaba's grip through its TMall site isn't as tight.
This is largely because of concerns about the quality of domestic formula there.
Milk formula tainted with melamine led to the deaths of several babies and sickened thousands more in 2008. 
It demanded that New Zealand take immediate measures to prevent problem products harming the health of Chinese consumers.
Although not its Force bracelet, which Fitbit recalled after hundreds of customers complained of developing very unfashionable wrist rashes.
German cars, Spanish wines and French luxury goods become more price-competitive. 
Consumer Reports gave the Tesla Model S P85D sedan its highest score ever for a car.
At $127,820, it’s not only the highest-rated but also the most expensive car Consumer Reports has tested.
Allocation in American stocks particularly in financial services and consumer discretionary companies should be heavy.
Price will not be a differentiation ― customers will choose at this minimum price the best brands in the industry.
The high debt levels and consumer confidence reach at its lowest point in nearly two years.
As one of Southeast Asia's most advanced and wealthiest economies, its consumer class is robust and expanding.
Consumers in the world's most populous country are curious and willing to try out new things.
As more brands enter the Chinese market, more snacks will disperse consumers' interest in Oreo.
Mr. Cavender said most companies find that Chinese consumers are easily bored with a particular commodity.
Mondelez executives said they are aware that Chinese consumers are becoming more health-conscious.
If stocks continue to fall, that could erode consumer confidence in China and slow further the country’s already weakening economy.
The Chinese stock market slump damages consumer confidence, which could lead to a slowdown in those purchases.
China has been trying to adjust to a more consumer-driven economy, reducing the impact of housing, infrastructure and imports.
The expansion of infrastructure and services could have the potential to pull in a huge base of consumers.
Because if large service providers give consumers significant handset subsidies, the edge Xiaomi gains by selling cheap phones evaporates.
That is opening opportunities in areas that cater to Chinese consumers.
Although Chinese economic growth has slowed, more shoppers are also turning to Alibaba sites.
It has a strong hold on the online market for China’s middle-class shoppers.
This eventually would help improve the quality of services for Alibaba’s customers.
The country is making more of what it consumes, and consuming more of what it makes.
These companies ferry packages from merchant to consumer to propel the country’s vast e-commerce revolution.
It is traditionally the most costly link in the chain, to partners who ferry packages from hubs to homes.
Individual shopping sprees in China and Japan, is accumulating and being recycled into global capital markets.
The ministry “will protect fair competition in the relevant market and safeguard the interests of consumers and the public.
Local experts say it is an essential part of nurturing a stronger consumer culture and greater competition in business.
That's been a boon to American consumers, especially those with less money.
At least part of that would probably be passed onto consumers in the form of higher prices.
It figured that 55% of every $1 spent by Americans on a "Made in China" product goes to Americans.
It seems likely that such a tariff would burden American consumers while doing little to create jobs for them.
It found that American consumers had to spend an extra $1.1 billion on tires.
Increasing the cost of doing business in China would prompt manufacturers of basic consumer items to consider leaving China.
Samsung Electronics may be the largest consumer electronics company in the world.
The quality myth may be less believable to a younger generation of consumers.
In other countries, consumers are familiar with the brand through the televisions and other goods.
You will find more Korean firms accepted in the Japanese mainstream in the future.
And in January, China’s consumer price index slid to 0.8 percent, its weakest showing since late 2009.
In their push to shift the economic model to one more reliant on market forces like consumer demand.
In his report, Mr. Li also set a consumer price inflation target of 3 percent.
It was unlikely that customers will flock to the Moto X.
That leaves only a sliver of consumers who are up for grabbing a new phone.
Whether American consumers will buy a Chinese-made car is a largely untested prospect.
They converted savings into consumer goods lest their savings become worthless.
Domestic spending has been sufficiently robust that an argument can be made for a rise in interest rates.
The other expenses are likely to include fines as well as responses to civil lawsuits from angry customers.
It would make other efforts to win back the trust of our customers.
There is a resurgent demand from consumers in the United States and the European Union.
The best hope for further growth is the services sector and greater emphasis on consumer spending. 
Consumption also contributed more than half of all GDP growth in the first half of this year. 
Suja co-founder Annie Lawless says customers understand the high cost of what goes into the bottle.
Consumers should be careful to get enough fiber in their diets.
Consumers making their own juice at home with similar ingredients would pay about the same or more.
So what manufacturers are going for is attracting the health-conscious consumer who will pay higher costs for smaller volumes.
The company was skeptical at first that consumers would be willing to pay such high prices for juice.
As tastes rapidly change, Chinese consumers are swapping mass-produced local beers for imports and local craft beers.
All of this premiumization and trading up is the biggest revenue driver of our industry.
They are chatting with customers in the upscale Sanlitun area of Beijing.
Some say the total amount could have reached as much as 2,000 tonnes or more (illegal smuggling). 
The feel there is 2014 won't be a repeat of 2013.
The current mood in China is certainly different to what it was earlier this year. 
The vast majority is not counting on the same level of appetite as seen this year. 
India and China combined account for half of the world's gold demand. 
The tech industry from which Bezos has emerged certainly has offered new ways to consume news. 
Here are six mistakes consumers commonly make when purchasing long-term-care insurance.
Consumers also should check the agent's license status and disciplinary history with their state's insurance department. 
Mr. Wolf also recommends a rider that lets policyholders choose a monthly, rather than a daily, benefit. 
Customers can pay for the entire premium up front, and so effectively lock in a price for the benefits. 
With conventional policies, buyers theoretically lock in a steady, stable premium.
Turning groups of people into cash-generating customers on a hand-held device is clearly an immense task.
It can take months for consumers to benefit from lower copper prices. 
In the consumer-goods industry, executives in China can receive substantially higher pay than their counterparts in the U.S..
She doesn't regret moving to the U.S. in 2007 with a major consumer-goods maker.
Consumers may think of social media sites like Facebook, Twitter and Foursquare as places to post musings. 
It's electronics or toys , so it can measure when interest is getting high. 
A material previously used only on consumer electronics such as cellphones.
Cable and telecom companies seek to offer consumers bundled services that combine mobile, broadband, television and landlines.
These factors prompte Japanese consumers to spend more on imported items than on domestic products. 
At the same time, though, a fall in Japan's income should also lead to a fall in consumption.
Takashi Shiono, economist with Credit Suisse, notes that Japan's consumption remains buoyant. 
Retired people are supporting consumption growth by running down their savings. 
Eight customers had been affected, in New Zealand, Australia, China, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia and Saudi Arabia.
Why it took so long to identify the problem and alert consumers.
We totally understand that there’s concern of parents and other consumers around the world.
October data showed overseas sales of TV panels fell 30.4% on-year. Consumer electronic devices, including HTC phones, rose 4.5%. 
All this actually didn't make a huge difference for consumers, Mr. Campos said.
Chinese leaders has indicated the growing pace can put more money into consumers’ pockets.
Consumer spending was supposed to play an important role in economy.
Policy makers want consumers to become the main engine for the economy.
Consumers aren’t yet able to shoulder the burden of driving the economy.
Marketers and technology companies test ways to get consumers to buy both online and off.
What is happening is that Western brands have to create new aspirations that the Chinese consumer wants.
Animals from an African safariin appeal to the growing legions of Chinese travelers.
Burberry show consumers the commentary from designers and celebrities watching the show.
Once Burberry is in their network, the fashion house can target users directly in the future.
Even though Chinese consumers are highly connected, not everybody is getting the messages that brands are sending.
The consumer price index likely rose 3.1% on-year in November according to the WSJ poll.
Big Data is the ability to amass larger volumes of consumer information and make.
Changes include blurring of the roles of all players and profound changes in consumer behavior.
In the summer many consumers are waiting for the next model to be released.
Scalpers organize Hong Kong customers with local identity cards to preorder phones.
How many of the shipped devices were sold to consumers remains unclear.
The value will be maximized and the consumer will appreciate our products.
The company says it is merely trying to provide consumers with a range of alternatives.
The phones become more widely available to lower-income consumers in smaller cities and rural areas. 
Those consumers will presumably be more attracted to the lower-cost Android phones.
Many customers are happy with smartphones that cost under $100. 
The company had been expected to try to appeal to Chinese customers with the lower price.
The cost-consciousness of Chinese consumers extends to their choice of mobile networks. 
The company is set to unveil for customers worldwide a new iPhone with a faster processor.
IPhone has been highly desired among many consumers but is just out of reach because of its price.
Tencent is now using WeChat to direct potential shoppers to JD.com.
It is the latest twist in the company's efforts to build up market share in the consumer-phone business.
Despite the lack of a well-known consumer brand, Huawei has pushed aggressively into consumer devices in recent years.
Huawei acknowledges it still has work to do to build a consumer brand.
None of the existing devices have captured the imagination of consumers.
Smart watches will be the most important new product category in consumer electronics,Chris Jones said in a statement.
More consumers access online services through mobile phones rather than PCs.
This doesn't mean it is the end of consumers being tracked online.
One area the IAB examined is targeting consumers by the devices they use.
This would be shared with servers and advertisers as the consumer browses the Web.
Device identifiers also potentially provide consumers with better control over their privacy than cookies.
The China Food and Drug Administration warned consumers to avoid buying fruity drinks dubbed 'vampire' or 'The Vampire Diaries drink.
It misleads customers and damages the health of youth,' the CFDA statement said.
One reminder for all shoppers: Don't buy shoes too tight and expect to wear them in,says Jamie Lewin,
Shoppers who always choose the same size don't get the best fit 45% of the time.
Retailers such as Nordstrom offer Shoefitr as a tool on their e-commerce sites.
So the tide is turning because consumers are making their preferences known.
We have customized our own consumption stories and political beliefs that we can come into contact with.
Singles Day has become a symbol of the rise of one of those sources: Chinese consumption.
During the years running up to the 2008 crisis, the United States served as the global consumer of last resort.
This means that an ever-strengthening dollar will hobble American exporters while fueling an American consumption binge. 
The Indian consumer is just not willing to pay for content.
The Indian consumer is willing to pay for more than we give them credit for.
We are building the habit of viewers to start consuming content on our platform.
The African market is also notable for not having proper consumer protection regulation in place in most countries.
Vast capital availability and extremely active social media platforms promote the adoption of consumer.
The price of phone is not a consideration for the consumer.
For cost-conscious consumers in mainland China, the difference is especially stark.
Partly because Apple had trouble making enough new phones to keep up with consumer demand.
Consumers tend to think of Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino, Calif, as the company’s heart and soul. 
Google's "all or nothing" offer for device makers is a mixed bag for consumers.
Yuan Keru and her boyfriend were just two among tens of millions of Chinese consumers.
Chinese consumers took to the Internet on Monday for the latest edition of an annual online shopping blowout.
Singles’ Day might have seemed like a rejection of cultural mores and consumerism alike.
As a red letter day for shoppers, Singles’ Day has spread beyond lonely-hearts to Chinese consumers of all kinds.
Chinese consumers are predicted to spend $290 billion at online retail sites this year.
The rapid adoption of smartphones in China has made it even easier for these customers to shop.
Alibaba built anticipation for 11/11 by letting consumers put items into online shopping carts before the sales actually began.
The response to Apple's iPad has considerably raised consumers' expectations of how well hardware and software work together.
The tools give customers most of what they need at much lower cost. 
He was asked why consumers would buy an e-book from Apple’s store instead of Amazon.com.
Adobe points out that rental customers gain vast advantages over the old “you buy it” system.
Chinese consumers spent $59 billion on Apple products in the last fiscal year.
Tim Cook is leveraging his personal brand and Apple’s to stand on the side of consumer privacy in this environment.
Apple only sells to an elite few and losing out to pushy rivals.
A nice feature parents will love: the ability to set limits on what can be bought from Apple.
You can set it up so that kids have to ask permission.
Ninety-one percent agree or strongly agree that consumers have lost control.
The marketing software used to analyze consumer behavior has become much easier to use.
PageFair, AdBlock Plus and Ghostery, which all depend to some extent on consumers’ interest in blocking ads.
Consumers held more debt on credit cards in October than they have in more than three years. 
It would be far more worrisome if customers didn’t show so much enthusiasm about Apple’s next move.
Alibaba is still the most popular destination for online shopping for most Chinese consumers.
The amount of consumer-facing technology is incredible compared with five years ago.
These techniques are like agile programming and quickly building prototypes and testing them on customers.
Technology, consumer behavior and the market demand changed are enough to correct those problems, said Geoffrey A. Manne.
In 1999, Microsoft argued that bundling its web browser with its operating system was good for consumers.
There’s a good chance it will not work perfectly for most consumers right out of the box.
He marveled at how Chinese consumers freely chatted with ― and bought from ― brands and stylists on WeChat.
Consumers can pay with an online service linked to their bank accounts after receiving clothes in the mail. 
They offer fashion advice to consumers on the likes of Facebook Messenger.
In the settlement, Apple could begin paying $400 million to as many as 23 million consumers.
You pursue a strategy of giving consumers the highest-quality titles in the business.
Game makers get more money out of consumers with each game.
Whether the F.C.C. adopts the proposal in the coming months will be airlines' decisions in consultation with their customers.
The main thing that we’re doing is trying to make it easier for marketers to connect consumers around live events.
So-called smartwatches are popping up all over the Consumer Electronics Show here this week.
That's a question that bedevils many Internet of Things gadgets on display here at CES.
Customers, companies and the media need a new attitude about security.
Gary Shapiro is the president and chief executive of the Consumer Electronics Association, the show's organizer. 
It's a category that is rapidly growing in terms of consumer sentiment and interest to buy.
It is a central theme as the Consumer Electronics Show opens this week in Las Vegas. 
The Silicon Valley giant's chief executive is expected to discuss the opportunities Tuesday in a keynote speech at CES. 
It is Alibaba's first attempt to specifically aim at American shoppers and is not yet open for business. 
The company is developing contacts, gleaning information about consumers and closely studying the leaders.
It attracts consumers with high quality merchandise and a convenient payment system.
OLED has long been the 'next great thing' in the TV business and at the CES show.
At the 2013 CES, LG's top OLED set was 55-inches, and only had the typical 1080p high-definition screen.
The reality is these flaws are not something that the average consumer should worry about.
Those phone buyers move up into pricier smartphones with more features.
This position can make them grab a slice of those upwardly mobile consumers.
At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January, Huawei unveiled the Tron. 
Consumers outside China may not be familiar with Huawei or ZTE. 
ZTE, meanwhile, showcased a smart watch at the CES in January.
At the same time that the value of the data for use in consumer marketing began to rise.
Smartphones have led to more consumption of media than we had ever thought possible.
India is one of the fastest-growing smartphone markets in the world with hundreds of millions of potential new customers.
And China's smartphone makers say Chinese and Indian customers have a lot in common.
Many Chinese companies are trying to make their case directly to potential Indian buyers online.
These products allow consumers to use their smartphones to find stores.
Services that link customers via smartphones to store locations haven't taken off in China.
All this data crunching also makes it tempting for retailers to collect more consumer information.
Consumers and businesses won’t have to install additional security software to protect their machines.
Annual consumer-price growth increased slightly in November to 0.9% from 0.7%.
The strength comes from the manufacturing sector and consumer spending. 
The program is aimed at lowering borrowing costs to boost stronger spending, hiring and growth.
It buoyed by increased consumer spending despite a slowing Chinese economy.
Chinese consumers are with their healthy balance sheets and ability to spend.
He drew contrasts with American consumers’ high levels of debt before the financial crisis.
Even so, analysts mostly agree that growth in spending on Alibaba’s e-commerce sites will most likely continue to moderate.
Car makers are dialing down efforts to persuade mainstream consumers to embrace electric cars.
I appreciate the vision of the administration wanting to lead the industry and consumers to higher mileage cars.
It provided Japanese consumers a dazzling array of newfangled phones and features each season. 
Japanese consumers didn’t want a new phone each season after all.
This adds to signs already evident from housing indicators and consumer and business confidence.
Iron ore is predicted to fall more rapidly than consumption of aluminum.
In exchange, China gave American consumers a cornucopia of inexpensive products.
The United States should change its emphasis from consuming to producing.
China is to build a consumer society and find jobs for millions of peasants flooding into cities looking for work.
He wonders whether the American people and their elected leaders can stomach the sacrifices of saving rather than consuming.
It plays a vital role in creating the new consumer economy.
The company was charged with misleading consumers and failed to report defects.
Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward bigger and bigger screens on smartphones.
Google’s ad innovations have prompted criticism from privacy advocates and some consumers.
Some consumers also are buying second or third cars for their households.
German auto makers now 'clearly convince' consumers here to buy their cars.
They hope to dazzle Chinese consumers with a suite of new Cadillac models.
It agreed to provide the automaker’s consumer finance unit with 7 billion euros in credit guarantees.
Economists expect at least a temporary chill in demand when the new rate goes into effect.
Though consumers and firms spent less in the quarter than forecast.
The push to turn around two decades of lackluster growth has revived consumer confidence enough to sustain a recovery.
This confirms that we rely on goods made overseas for products that Japanese consumers buy.
Japan's recovery in 2013 was led by firm spending by consumers.
But consumer demand in the fourth quarter was also less than economists expected.
Some front-loaded demand ahead of the sales tax increases has started helping it.
That does not appear to be a surprise to at least some consumers.
At an exclusive Tokyo department store over the weekend, some shoppers voiced caution over the long-term outlook.
But she isn't spending because I am concerned they may go down again.
Browser companies are redesigning their products to follow consumers to mobile devices, social networks and cloud-based apps.
China is trying to foster increased consumer spending to offset slower exports.
Others are seeing consumers maintain their slow-but-steady spending, providing little incentive to deploy their cash stockpiles.
A slowly improving jobs picture and rising household wealth could spark a virtuous cycle of stronger consumer spending.
Commodities are likely to stay low, and that should continue to feed positively into consumer discretionary-type names.
Industrials, consumer discretionary and small caps are key ways to play this industrial manufacturing renaissance theme.
The price index for personal consumption expenditures increased just 0.7% in October from a year prior.
The new chief executive must be someone who lives and breathes new consumer technologies like mobile.
These consumers become targeting of companies, like Oppo, Coolpad and Xiaomi Inc.
It will be a big challenge to raise its brand and convince consumers to pay more for their handsets.
The Foxconn Technology Group is the main manufacturer of Apple devices and other consumer electronics.
For decades, declining prices have helped American consumers spend less on one critical part of every family’s budget.
The government reported this week that consumer prices for apparel rose 0.6 percent in 2013.
It was a boon to living standards for consumers, who were left with more money for other purchases.
In 1987, apparel accounted for 5.4 percent of all personal consumption spending in the United States.
These two chemicals have come under increasing scrutiny by consumers and environmental groups.
The move is the first step and the biggest yet by a major consumer products manufacturer.
Johnson & Johnson has also promised to remove such chemicals, and others, from all of its consumer products by 2015.
The company is responding to a fundamental shift in consumer behavior.
Cathy Salerno is the vice president of research and development for the company’s consumer products division in North America.
Even before their removal, customers would not have found formaldehyde or 1,4-dioxane listed on bottles.
It makes residency permits more easily obtainable to those who spend at least 500,000 euros on Spanish real estate.
Gasoline consumption in China is forecast by Bernstein Research to reach 157 million tons in 2020.
The government announced that consumers and refiners would both need to bear the costs of higher fuel standards.
Gasoline consumption this year grows to 85.2 million metric tons. 
It will increase their popularity among customers and even job applicants in China.
At the same time, we will continue to supply our same high-quality, renowned products to U.S. consumers.
Nationwide diesel consumption was also down 5.9 percent in July from a year ago.
India relies almost entirely on imported oil, which becomes more expensive with each drop of the rupee.
In 2012, China consumed $101.6 billion more in semiconductor materials than it produced domestically.
Chinese customers, particularly those with government ties, may be cutting purchases of U.S. tech gear.
Apple expected some grumbling from customers and partners last fall. 
There is no question consumers are moving toward wireless connections. 
The reason for this is Xi Jinping's campaign to crack down on lavish spending by government officials.
It represents China's industrial dinosaur of an economy toward one that better serves consumers.
Apple mistakenly believed that ordinary buyers would value its superior quality as much as its own people did.
They figure out new and innovative ways to reach consumers. 
Analysts said it was too early to predict the consumer impact of the merger. 
They are more emphasis on purchasing resources while taking into account the consumer.
For now, each soda is priced at less than 20 cents to encourage people to participate.
The plan has kept borrowing costs low and has encouraged spending worldwide.
It prompted a tightening of consumer spending that rippled through the $5 trillion economy.
Consumption, property and resources taxes could become major sources for local governments.
What’s at stake here is access to mortgages at an affordable price.
But on average, consumers use fewer apps and focus more on the top apps operated by China's leading Internet companies.
American consumers would switch brands to "one that was associated with improving people’s lives".
The behaviors include how we buy, how we communicate with each other, even whether we speak with each other.
3D technology and other advances promise to lower the cost and increase the performance of consumer electronics.
Chip makers expanded capacity just as sales of PCs, a big user of memory chips, began to slump.
The biggest threat to Chinese banks’ cozy oligopoly may be in the hands of the nation’s consumers.
Younger consumers prefer the convenience of ubiquitous smartphones and always-on networks.
But the genie is out of the bottle: consumers now have a choice about where they put their funds.
They watched Yahoo's keynote at the Consumer Electronics Show on Tuesday.
David Cooperstein was a research director at Forrester Research who attended the CES keynote. 
Consumer-electronics specialist JD.com Inc., China's second-largest player in online shopping, has won fans among some middle-class Chinese.
The ecomomy was hampered by rising sales taxes that have discouraged consumers from spending.
One gauge of confidence, the monthly RBC Consumer Outlook Index, edged up 1.8 points in January to 51.5.
RBC analysts attributed the stronger overall reading to a greater sense of job security.
It includes all of global consumer commerce and maybe business-to-business commerce as well.
Will customers remember next year what you did for them today?
Liquefied gas could produce $30 billion a year in export earnings without meaningfully driving up domestic gas prices for consumers.
As the chief executive of Dow Chemical he also represents the interests of energy consumers at large.
How well people can afford them varies widely, even among the world’s most prosperous cities.
On the other hand, Alibaba’s enormous shopping spree to try to cater to the growing legions of Chinese consumers.
Those consumers order everything from taxis to in-home massages on their smartphones. 
Chinese consumers often use Alipay to buy merchandise from Alibaba’s platforms.
The fellow Chinese Internet giants that are scrambling to make money from a shift to mobile devices. 
There are few trusted, neutral parties giving independent information to the consumer.
It geared features heavily toward Japanese consumers and struggled to make headway overseas.
Ms. Renkert-Thomas made typical young-person mistakes, such as overspending on restaurant meals.
CLSA analysts estimate its share of the business-to-consumer market at 57 percent.
Offshoring still offers potential benefits for consumers, even at the cost of extensive job loss.
Large multinational corporations don't need to lower prices for consumers in the United States.
Consumers romanticize how things used to be and hunting for stories of identity.
All the snowballing effects of leadership, brand recognition and consumer habits that helped Microsoft in the PC market.
Tobacco consumption more than doubled in the developing world between 1970 and 2000.
The country consumes about 108 million tons a year, of which about 75% is made by U.S. producers.
This information was announced during International CES, the consumer electronics show now taking place in Las Vegas.
The companies are hoping virtual reality has a broader reach to everyday consumers.
The idea of populating commercials with hip “dudes” to reach teenage consumers was fresh enough to warrant a feature.
Madison Avenue is running ads with gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender consumers.
Consumers are now willing to opt in for ads they deem entertaining or informative.
The government should stimulate the economy by placing artificial expiration dates on consumer products so people would buy more.
Selling products with finite life spans can be good for consumers, depending on their tastes and how informed they are.
Improving the durability ― and thereby cost ― of the clothes would probably just drive away price-sensitive shoppers like me.
Would the additional longevity of the battery be valuable enough to its core consumers to justify the inevitable higher price?
Consumers perceive large “switching costs” associated with going to a new brand.
In the past, consumers were so excited about the cool new features, like Siri, the voice-activated interface.
Consumers are more likely to want their old phones to continue working at peak condition in perpetuity.
If you can brainwash consumers into developing new tastes that make the old stuff look uncool for aesthetic.
The Mini has become a popular choice among consumers since it was first released last year.
We’ve been fighting for our customers on this issue for years.
It's very important, especially for the coveted younger consumers and first-time car buyers.
Later, more complex versions have proved buggy and frustrating to customers.
She has been trying to convince customers and employees that there is still life in the company.
Many consumers began to wonder whether they needed the software at all.
Customers don't ned to buy a copy of Office for about $150.
We’re seeing the consumer valuation for those things start to approach zero.  
The practice is a growing problem for consumers, especially young women. 
The long-rumored project aims to close any remaining gap between the impulse to buy and the completed act.
Customers, meanwhile, are propelling Amazon toward the rarefied ranks of companies with revenue of $100 billion.
If consumers adopt Amazon’s phones, and that’s a big ‘if,’ considering they love their iPhones and love their Android devices.
That is the top-line finding of a new study of 15,000 consumers in 15 countries.
Like most surveys of consumer attitudes about privacy, the questions posed are in general terms.
The new iPhones cater to a growing appetite among consumers for bigger screens on smartphones.
Google compiles dossiers on consumers so that it charges advertisers to access.
The middle class is regularly splurge on the company’s online shopping platforms. 
A temporary setback in the macro economy is not going to affect their consumption pattern in a fundamental way.
He expected consumption naturally become a larger part of China’s economic growth.
Consumers have been ordering the gadgets faster than Apple can deliver them. 
One week after its debut, Apple’s new mobile wallet is showing promise with consumers.
It’s not that these companies don’t want a mobile wallet to truly catch on with consumers.
Consumers have tried to use it in MCX members like Rite Aid and CVS.
At stake is the future of how consumers choose to pay for things.
If Apple Pay catches on, consumers may not be interested in a competing product.
The government wants to shift to a new, more sustainable model for growth based on consumer spending.
Overall retail sales of consumer goods in China surpassed such sales in the United States.
The preferences of Chinese consumers tend to be different from those of American buyers.
The Microsoft Surface tablets came with too many options and were a head-scratcher to many consumers.
Consumers moved to smartphones with full touchscreens, multiple cameras and hundreds of thousands of apps to choose from.
The auction rooms of Poly Auction now buzz with the energy of thousands of new consumers.
Some 40 percent of global smartphone shipments in the first quarter of 2014 were bound for Chinese consumers.
He finds the cheapest sectors to be energy, consumer staples, health care and industrials, based on his P/E calculations. 
They are outraged that the family holiday is being usurped by consumerism.
Amid lackluster consumer spending and heightened competition from online retailers like Amazon.com Inc.
The National Retail Federation is predicting that 33 million people will be spending money on Thanksgiving.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s bid to revive Japan’s deflated economy hinges on consumers like Mr. Horii.
They started to feel flush enough to start splurging on the finer things in life.
A wide recovery in consumer spending has been the weakest link in “Abenomics.”
We are comfortable with our view that the uptrend of consumption continues.
An expected rise in summer bonuses, paid in June and July, and improvement in general sentiment are the main reasons.
There are some signs that after years of penny-pinching, conspicuous spending is on the rise again in Japan.
Consumers began visiting Japan’s ubiquitous 100-yen shops, Don Quijote discount stores or even the Hard-Off recycled merchandise stores.
Consumers grew accustomed to expecting that the longer they waited, the cheaper goods would become.
Opening the door to extending consumer credit to millions more people at lower cost.
It could be a sign of reckless overspending or even fraud.
Cold chain systems can also prevent Chinese consumers from eating rotten food, leading to disease.
The goods will be delivered directly to consumers during a network promotion during the Spring Festival.
The real bottleneck is not the lack of consumer demand, but the lack of storage and distribution capacity.
But nearly half of all waste occurs at the consumer level.
Cold chains encourage consumers to buy more than they can eat.
And those who can spend are afraid of becoming casualties in the government’s anti-corruption austerity campaign.
Chinese officials have discussed the importance of shifting away from an emphasis on export growth to boosting consumer demand.
Consumers held off purchases before the March 25 launch of an updated version of its flagship smartphone.
That is a million more consumers taking up residence in the Amazon ecosystem.
The Germans are trying to compensate for frugal consumers and businesses at home by exporting more.
Shinzo Abe's government raise consumption taxes to bring down debt or increase spending to bolster growth.
Governments need to stop dithering and do things that could bolster consumer and business confidence.
The development of devices like Google Glass has fueled excitement about wearable technology in the industry.
Everyone knows it’s something you wear on your wrist, but nobody knows what features consumers will want.
She is capturing a symbol of Gilded Age excess and consumption, the very thing that makes Newport worth visiting.
In Japan, there will be a bit of pullback' after the April 1 sales-tax increase.
If the recovery broadens to stronger consumer spending, that would help Asia.
Inflation as measured by the Consumer Price Index rose just 1.7 percent in the 12 months ended in August.
Domestic consumption as an important future growth engine hasn't yet picked up the slack.
The rush by consumers to manage their finances on the internet is viewed as a threat.
During this long period, consumers use a variety of methods to learn about the car market. 
It is consuming two-thirds of the world's supply of iron ore.
It is more than 40% of its copper output and huge amounts of coal, dairy products and sugar.
This is a class of consumers who would be prime targets for luxury car marketers.
It facilitates the sale of goods from small merchants to consumers.
Chinese consumers become wealthier and they buy products from larger brands.
It’s not a happy situation for a large number of consumers.
They have flooded Facebook pages, real estate forums and consumer websites in India with complaints about BPTP.
A recent ruling by a government consumer commission seems to buttress Mr. Agarwal’s statement.
The commission ruled that BPTP had to refund the money with interest.
They have bent rules for favored builders, to the detriment of consumers.
Putting it into perspective, Amit Jain, heads a consumer association representing apartment owners in a Delhi suburb.
Mr. Goel filed a complaint with the police and another with a consumer commission.
Greater competition and innovation in the state-dominated banking sector would ultimately make the industry more responsive to consumer needs.
A long-planned increase in the national sales tax, carried out in April.
It hit consumers harder than the government and most economists had expected.
Mr. Abe has postponed a second increase in the sales tax.
They hope to avoid a fresh blow to consumer confidence. 
In the past 15 months, Coinbase says it has set up nearly one million consumer wallets.
Bitcoin doesn't really solve mainstream consumer problems like speed and convenience.
Since bitcoin payments save the retailer credit-card fees, Overstock will give bitcoin customers 1% back on their purchases.
Consumers in developing countries spend a greater amount of their household income on food, compared with richer nations.
Mr. Hastings’s cautious demeanor on the phone was in contrast to the more commanding pose he struck hours earlier.
China’s rapid growth led to an increase in crude oil consumption.
American consumer prices have risen from 1.5 to 4 percent a year.
Since its development, the outdoor complex has become a byword for urban redevelopment catering to the modern Chinese consumer.
Consumer spending is up as housing and stock markets have risen. 
They calls for empowering consumers and easing Beijing's grip on key industries long controlled by the state.
The blueprint is aimed squarely at nurturing the nation's growing consumer class.
That mean retailers, restaurants and consumer services could be among the biggest beneficiaries.
China's leaders have signaled that they want to increase the weight of consumer spending in the economy.
CCTV also said it feared that media outlets would "wrongly interpret" information and "confuse consumers" with the new figures.
He added that digital ads allow the company to home in efficiently on target customers.
American consumers who want to own a car for personal use are not deprived of a chance to buy one.
Illegal exports deny legitimate customers here in the U.S. the popular vehicles.
The horses are available on Squint’s website for about $3,255 each, including V.A.T..
There really wasn’t an auction house in China that did consumer goods. 
It attempts to convince Chinese consumers that Tiffany has the best cuts, designs and service.
WSJ: Consumers are becoming increasingly global, particularly the Chinese consumer. 
The rise of the Asian consumers and tourism has caused us to change some of our store practices. 
It has caused us to increase our store presence in markets that are heavily visited by Chinese customers. 
We need to give a deeper, richer more robust sense of brand. 
We need to work very hard to increase the depth of that knowledge. 
Foxconn has contracts with most of the world’s major consumer electronic brands.
It is time to make the compromises necessary to close a deal that will set the standard for international business in the future. 
The area is a mix of residential blocks of early 20th-century bungalows and low-lying commercial strips lined with restaurants, cafes and mom-and-pop shops.
Scheduled for 2017, the hotel will be much smaller, with just 74 rooms on Wangfujing Street, the city’s busiest commercial thoroughfare.
Semanggi Flyover, the city’s main highway artery, and Jalan Sudirman, a primary thoroughfare that runs through the heart of Jakarta’s business district.
It doesn’t work out financially as a rental, so condos are the business plan for a lot of developers right now.
Shuangjing is an affluent area in central Beijing with a nice view of the main business district and a short walk to an international school.
National economic policy, even in small countries, needs to take kinds of feedback that rarely matter in business life into account.
To ensure the viability of Beidou, the Chinese government has sought to increase the number of commercial users of the technology.
I convened a panel of chief executives from four very different companies for a recent Harvard program about business leadership in China.
Though some aspects of Xiaomi’s business model play on the peculiarities of China, Mr. Lin said he believes it can work abroad.
It spent $390 million on properties in Manhattan in August 2015 that it said it planned to turn into a commercial and residential tower.
It’s a reality of what is available today, and commercially it is a route that cuts cost, Emily Stromquist said in a telephone interview.
Dr. Hill said that he had also received a commitment of help from General Mills, as well as promises of support from other businesses.
Samsung is the most dramatic corporate success story to emerge from the country’s transformation from a war-torn agrarian nation to a global economic powerhouse.
Microsoft needed to depart from its regular way of doing business to get a grip on a threat to its dominance in computing.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 30 percent of driving in business districts is spent in a hunt for a parking spot.
For years, business software was a dead-end for innovation, dominated as it was by Microsoft, Oracle, and other entrenched incumbents. 
Its formal ranking as the world's fastest was announced Monday at a meeting in Germany, where Intel also laid out its business vision.
We're starting with something that we think is going to work for some publishers for some articles and for some business models.
A mysterious malady has wiped out as much as 50 percent of the country’s commercial beehives in the last year alone.
Michael R. Bloomberg will reassume the leadership of his business empire only eight months after ending his final term as mayor of New York.
Michael A. Cusumano is a professor of business and engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, studiesing strategy in the computer software industry.
It will have to do more than the repetitive work already being performed by commercial robots in factories and other settings.
The shuttered printing plant on 20 valuable acres along the San Diego Freeway, just south of South Coast Plaza, a prominent shopping center in Orange County.
The Tate’s 2015 Turner Prize was awarded on Dec. 7 not to an artist represented by a commercial gallery, but to Assemble.
On a five-acre site that was a parking lot, it will include a town square, commercial space and 600 residential units.
Mr. Rettaliata and a business partner, Jessica Buchman, could also lay claim to the priciest property: 9 Prospect Park West, a four-bedroom co-op whose corner berth.
She had just announced that China and Germany signed a host of new treaties and business contracts, including orders for Airbus planes.
The government has so far held back from giving the green light for domestic GMO corn to be commercially grown and distributed for human consumption.
Mr. Huang said corn will most likely be the next GMO crop approved for commercial distribution in China, after cotton and papaya.
Mr. Fedak has intense blue eyes and short gelled hair and is typically outfitted in the downtown uniform of head-to-toe black.
A surge in business loans to the slowing mainland Chinese economy has prompted Hong Kong regulators to impose strict financial rules. 
Until the system is tested again, no one can be sure changes in regulation and business practices are sufficient to avoid a repeat.
Las Vegas plans to use it mainly to control lighting and play music or to issue security alerts at a pedestrian mall.
But the digital dollar would eventually seep in to supplant the yuan, ruble or peso for internal and external commerce. 
Like sites for condos, commercial real estate sites can seem to hawk lifestyles rather than places to put sofas or desks.
Dalian Wanda Group of China may privatize its commercial property company in a deal that could be worth about $4 billion.
That came the Rosewood, across the street from the iconic CCTV Tower that was designed by the Dutch architect Rem Koolhass in the city’s business district, also in Chaoyang. 
In the mid-1980s, David Dixon was one of the first capitalists allowed by Beijing to fly over China in a business jet ― with an escort.
As a result, a Hong Kong businessman return home in his business jet may be denied landing at HKIA due to slot limitation.
This deal brings one of China’s last large independent e-commerce companies into the orbit of Tencent, and to a lesser extent Alibaba.
A hurdle cited by 75% of 3,301 businesspeople surveyed in 2012 by RW3, a New York culture and leadership training company.
When a friend told Jessica Dean about a hot startup looking for a director of business development, she forwarded her resume.
In India, for example, Xiaomi, before the court order blocking it, had the foresight to cooperate with the local e-commerce firm Flipkart.
A Commerce Ministry official in October had also hinted that China's similarly closed automotive sector could open its door further to a greater foreign role. 
HONG KONG ― China’s commerce ministry strongly criticized Wednesday afternoon the United States’s decision to impose broader anti-dumping and anti-subsidy tariffs on solar panels from China.
He said in an email on Wednesday that he thought the latest round of tariffs by the United States Commerce Department were not reasonable.
This is the latest step by Alibaba to make its e-commerce and other services more attractive to hundreds of millions of smartphone users in China.
Companies around the world are responding to the rapid growth of Internet retail by seeking ways to deliver goods more quickly to buyers.
It is a technique pioneered by Xiaomi, which used e-commerce to overcome difficult-to-manage and expensive storefronts and distribution deals in China and now India.
Luxury hotels in China’s second-tier cities were beginning to cater to leisure travelers as well as those on business trips. 
Mr. Zeisser and his team have been charged with nothing less than turning their employer into a global Internet and e-commerce colossus.
The e-commerce company is providing capital and expertise to Citic 21CN and to the extent Alibaba uses its huge network in China to help the company.
Both companies’ moves indicate that they believe the future of commerce is not just stores and not just online but a combination of the two.
It has said it expects just a fraction of that, $10 billion, in e-commerce revenue for the year ending January 2014.
These days, though, it is trying to turn its 4,100 stores in the United States and many of its 6,200 stores overseas into e-commerce assets.
The company also makes money by selling cloud computing services to vendors on its e-commerce sites, often to help them operate their sites more quickly.
The turn to entertainment could be one way for the company to ensure a steady flow of traffic to its mobile e-commerce sites.
Normally if someone needs to sell $5 million worth of dollar bonds, it could be done within a few minutes after talking to a couple brokers.
To broaden its customer base, Foxconn is also in talks with some established healthcare resorts in the U.S. and Japan to form joint ventures.
Aquila has had numerous confidential discussions with the Baosteel Group about its potential direct participation in the West Pilbara Iron Ore Project.
The brothers were born in Washington, to a family of well-known developers, and a few years ago, they began to think about a problem.
But early screenshots of the site provided by vendors offer some clues of the Chinese company's nascent plans in the United States.
There are more than 60 in the San Francisco Bay Area where I live, but I still struggled to find places worth spending my bitcoin.
But even as business booms, the influx pushes up retail rents and forces businesses aimed at local residents to move or close. 
But a look at a range of products on offer in the departure lounge stores shows many are available cheaper elsewhere.
Because many Chinese consumers spend a lot of time researching goods and then checking them out with a circle of friends before making an online purchase.
The volatile price has led many analysts to conclude that is less similar to a currency than to a commodity, like gold.
Producer prices have been falling faster and faster since last July, partly because of the falling of the lower commodity prices.
Some of the slowdown in industrial commodity imports last month may reflect that many Chinese companies built above-average stockpiles last autumn as prices were falling.
Best Buy even replaces standard bar codes with special Best Buy-only codes on big ticket items so they cannot be scanned and compared online.
Walmart began allowing shoppers to order merchandise online and pay for it with cash at a store when they picked it up.
Sears added a drive-through service a few months ago that allows customers to return or exchange purchases without leaving their cars.
Some issues remain to be clarified, such as whether gains should be taxed in the same way as those from commodities or a collectibles.
The world’s fastest-growing economies, led by China, have been propelled by soaring commodity prices, robust currencies and access to cheap loans.
The only negative indicator in Tuesday's flood of economic data was a 0.7 percent drop in durable goods orders in November.
At the same time, JD could also allow shoppers on the site to view what their WeChat friends have said about certain items. 
It would be economical to try to sell to Europe as little as 30 euro cents a watt for these small businesses.
For them, it would still be cheaper to ship to the United States, with tariffs as high as about 36 percent.
One study figures that the United States lost at least two million jobs between 1999 and 2011 because of Chinese imports.
For this reason, quite a lot of the money spent on Chinese goods actually ends up in the wallets of Americans.
The W.T.O.’s rules prohibit subsidized exports and dumping ― exporting goods for less than they cost to make and ship. 
Park Bo-yeon was recently browsing in a handset shop in downtown Seoul where a notice urged customers to hand in Note 7s.
Oil and other commodities like natural gas and steel have fallen sharply on fears of a slowdown in the Chinese economy.
In essence, Bitcoin is a kind of special virtual commodity, and does not have the same legal status as a currency.
Dallas couple felt their vintage offerings would also do well with a younger, hipper and more global crowd than their eBay store was attracting.
In their place on 11 Main are carefully selected items, laid out in a clean, airy style that combines elements of Pinterest and Instagram. 
One way to avoid being clobbered by weaker commodity exports is for them to displace China’s of coal, aluminum and other minerals.
It was perhaps an indication that clothing retailers were more successful at avoiding deep discounts than they were in previous years.
It is in part because of increased exports of products like German cars or French luxury goods to the resurgent United States.
That creates the risk that a tech company could find itself obliged to make good any losses on a product it distributed.
It helps that the Vivienne doesn't remotely resemble any of the generic, logo-riddled stock that still populates duty-free shops, and that it carries a price tag of $5,000. 
Exporting natural gas is fine,  but not at the price of importing it back in the form of goods made with cheap gas elsewhere.
How do you decide what is an import and what is an export when imports are important inputs into many exports?
Most of the offerings are available online and many of the discounts are illusory bargains on goods designed to be cheap.
Most prices on items like TV sets, tablets, and videogames at stores including Wal-Mart and Sears will be offered online as well as in stores.
Mr. Abe's strategy aims in part to upgrade Japan's manufacturing sector to focus on more creative and high-value-added products rather than commoditized ones. 
The sellers bid for keywords that match product listings on a cost-per-click basis at prices established through an online auction system.
So a dollar there can buy more goods and services than in expensive developed countries such as the United States, Japan and Germany.
The new figures mark a significant downward revision in previous estimates of the prices of goods and services in many developing countries.
China's imports from New Zealand grew at their fastest clip in a year in January, jumping 70% on-year in terms of value to US$1.3 billion. 
The decline in the amount of money that people spent over the long weekend may reflect what is happening with prices. 
Some of the declines in the gift-price index are the result of the ways the Labor Department adjusts prices for changes in quality.
This partnership is going to make a pretty big difference in terms of U.S. business’ ability to buy goods from China.
Vietnam would also gain an advantage in exporting to the United States in a range of low-tech goods like shoes and garments.
Chinese consumers may be half a world away, but now they know where the good stuff comes from and how to get it.
The effects of a government crackdown on expensive gift-giving and the deceleration in the economy are being compounded by changing consumer tastes.
There been a real shift over the past two years in consumer perception about what the right product to buy should be.
It will take time for import taxes and consumption taxes to be lowered, which would reduce the gap between prices in China compared with other countries.
The regulators and online platforms share the common interest to creat an online shopping environment where consumers feel safe and satisfied.
Those such as cigarettes and some spirits which are exempt of excise duty and taxes, are only available to customers travelling outside the EU.
In the next five years the US would cede the title of the world’s biggest spender on watches to China. 
Typo is one of a vast array of iPhone cases introduced this week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. 
Part of the reason is that consumer's interest in this kind of device ― from any manufacturer ― may also be waning.
To really threaten the big four, an emergent fashion capital would need not just the designer and infrastructure buy-in, but the consumer buy-in, too. 
McDonald’s said that while some of these changes create higher costs, it would not be passing them on to the consumer.
Simpson and other consumer advocates are right to press Google ― and all the big tech companies ― on privacy issues.
The company announced on Wednesday that it would use the funds to expand a new website and mobile app aiming at individual consumers.
They have the look and feel of Melissa & Doug products, but they were among the 25 percent of toys that flopped with consumers.
China produces and consumes nearly as much coal as the rest of the world combined, and the fuel accounts for about 70% of its energy mix.
Like many luxury businesses in China, the explosion of buyers for art here has been fueled by the pent-up consumerism of the newly rich.
In the sixth year of a global economic crisis whose essence is that there isn’t enough spending, many policy makers still don’t get it. 
The company was working to develop an independent, fair and swift process for resolving private consumer claims relating to these issues.
The new measure also offers consumers the right to more easily return online purchases and to better protect buyers' personal information.
Consumers need to enhance their awareness of their rights, and they need to take them seriously and fight for their interests.
It means that businesses can be tempted to skip steps to save money, in some cases turning a blind eye to cause dangers to consumers.
Spending on domestic trips rose to 3 trillion renminbi, or about $483 billion, in 2014, from 528 billion renminbi in 2005.
Typically, the gray-market vendors that sell to Chinese consumers buy their products overseas from a variety of sources that sell brand goods often at a discount.
But Mr. Cihra said it would be far more worrisome if customers didn’t show so much enthusiasm about Apple’s next move.
One of the biggest challenges for any company trying to sell goods on the Web, whether it is a crop-top shirt or a news subscription, is “creating relevance.”
Start-ups like Flipboard, Digg, Pocket and Feedly have long been testing and building out alternative ways to read and consume information on the Web and via mobile devices.
Mr. Kitces says consumers should buy from a large, stable carrier with the resources to still be around when the coverage is needed. 
Options include coverage that keeps pace with the consumer-price index or that grows 1%, 2%, 3% or 4% a year. 
Still, he notes that consumption is likely to be hit by two increases in the sales tax over the next couple of years. 
Much of its efforts are centered on bringing foreign vendors to sell to Chinese consumers, and in turn spending marketing dollars on Alibaba's platforms.
Coca-Cola encouraged consumers to share a 10-second clip of a song with friends through social media by scanning the QR code on the bottle.
Burberry worked its way into consumers’ circles by giving users a chance to watch its Autumn-Winter 2014 runway show in real time.
Yet online shoppers, in the comfort of home, often try on more than one size and often late in the day.
With clever marketing and help from an online spending boom, the Alibaba Group,turned Nov. 11 into a symbol of the power of the Chinese consumer.
Hundreds of fake retail and product apps have popped up in Apple’s App Store in recent weeks - just to deceive holiday shoppers.
That scrutiny is supposed to stop any software that is deceitful, that improperly uses another company’s intellectual property or that poses harm to consumers.
The strength in the service sector and the broader consumer economy in the United States has offset any damage so far.
It can provide a glimpse of how smartphones could be used by consumers in the U.S. and the entire world in the future.
The important reason was some carriers extended the waiting time of customers in using the discounted price to buy a new phone.
But in a written statement, the company said it would continue to compete through a diverse set of products that fulfill consumer needs.
The device, from a firm called Sen.se, caught my eye at a press preview for the 2014 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
But it has continually morphed to add new classes of products and companies that don't fit the classic consumer-electronics description. 
Other events at CES focus on sectors such as 3-D printing, mobile apps, health-related gadgets, technology startups and the virtual currency bitcoin. 
For example, in one promotion offered by Verizon Wireless, consumers could buy a Galaxy S5 smartphone and get another phone free.
Consumers can now use smartphones to remotely check if they locked doors, left the lights on or turned down the thermostat. 
Only 1% to 2% of American consumers surveyed by Forrester Research in mid-2013 were using five widely touted home-automation offerings. 
Moreover, the data generated by connected devices could be used in ways consumers don't like and create liabilities for companies. 
The price is about what a consumer would pay for a subsidized phone over the life of a two-year contract. 
Intel believes that many ordinary businesses, possibly even consumers, will soon be accessing what were once the most expensive and rarefied computers.
Apple remains one of the most desirable brands in China, as local consumers' recent frenzy over the gold-colored iPhone 5S indicated.
In response to consumer pressure two years ago, the company pledged to remove both chemicals from its baby products by the end of 2013.
When Johnson & Johnson acquired Aveeno, the natural skin care company, in 1999, polled customers about their interest in the brand’s ingredients.
Nor will consumers eating chicken noodle soup from a can or chicken nuggets in a fast-food restaurant know if the chicken came from Chinese processing plants.
Mr. Singh voiced concern about a 7.2 percent drop in nationwide diesel consumption during the first three weeks of August from a year ago.
It looks like the rest of the world is again going to be relying on the U.S. as a consumer of last resort.
Like many fashion consumers, particularly American ones, I've recoiled from overt logos on clothing and accessories for nearly a decade. 
Cheap domestic supplies mean Dow and other chemical companies are now paying much less than their foreign competitors for the raw material.
Supposing a time traveler in Mitsubishi was introducing the Diamante to affluent auto buyers could comfort, the case would satisfy him.
It would support Kuka’s efforts to expand in China and would work with it to move into making service robots for consumers.
They can use 50GB of Dropbox storage for 2-years, a 3-month Hulu Plus trial, and $25 to spend in Google Play.
The company didn't believe that a blip in Chinese growth would have a long-term impact on the consumer spending on Alibaba’s sites.
There is no guarantee that consumers will find mobile wallets any more convenient than paying with cash or a credit card. 
While I was interviewing Frank X. Shaw, Microsoft’s vice pointed to how Google names its products as an example of consumer confusion.
For companies to feel confident enough to start raising prices, Japan’s consumers have to start spending again, and data confirming that trend is still mixed.
Still, for the first time in seven months, Japan’s core consumer prices in May did not fall compared to the previous year.
They said that the recent positive media coverage of the economy alone made them less guilty about splurging at the department store.
Kozo Sushi, a nationwide takeout sushi chain, said this week it was lowering prices at the cheaper end of its menu to 399 yen.
From their perspective, clearly the whole area of video as well as entertainment media is a growth sector as China moves to a consumer-led economy. 
Apple has gone from building things consumers never, ever dreamed they would need to falling short at giving them what they want. 
He said BPTP is one of many companies that are taking advantage of a housing shortage and a loosely regulated system with few consumer protections.
A quarter of the Chinese consumers who bought iPhones in the last three months were buying smartphones for the first time.
An expected consumer binge in Japan before a sales-tax rise in April could send a pulse of activity through supply chains across Southeast Asia.
I changed because we are a premium brand with more targeted consumer base and CCTV is not the right way to talk to our consumers.
GM's angular Camaro, launched in 2009, is the least faithful to the past of the three, and it has done better with younger buyers. 
At this point, fully 23 cents out of every dollar in retail sales in Hong Kong is spent on jewelry. 
The dealer network for BMW and Mini cars will also be expanded to try to reach customers in smaller cities. 
A slowing economy and campaigns against extravagant consumption by government officials have hurt most luxury shopping hubs in Hong Kong. 
Consumer prices rose by 1.3% in the 2014 fiscal year starting April and by 1.9% in the following fiscal year. 
This trend leads the Hong Kong alcohol consumption and night entertainment scene closer to the consumption patterns observed in western countries.
The consumer price index, a key gauge of inflation, climbed 1.8% year on year in April, and down from a 2.4% rise in March.
But in the first weeks after launching a product, Apple would often replace damaged devices even if the customer is at fault.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland's median consumer-price index is based on the midpoint of the long list of price changes.
The higher summer and winter bonuses at many companies are likely responsible for many customers dishing out a little extra for sauce or suits.
Pessimistic consumers could be the biggest risk to Japan in coming months, if they choose to hold back on spending after an April sales tax increase. 
Though she got a bigger winter bonus for the first time in two years, it hasn't changed her spending habits. 
The benchmark rate is the basis for the cost of trillions of dollars in credit cards consumption and other forms of loans. 
Japan's inflation, as measured by consumer prices, is rising steadily about a year after a policy shift by the Bank of Japan.
Roughly half of the current inflation in consumer products is due to the dramatic drop in the yen from late 2012 to mid-2013. 
Drivers now respond better to the prestige of foreign brands such as Fords and Volkswagens made by Chinese-foreign joint ventures. 
On Wednesday, an official report showed that consumer prices in the eurozone fell 0.2 percent in December from a year earlier.
As authorities have cracked down on fake invoicing, firms have had to become more creative in how they game the system.
It was after a surge in exports that was widely blamed on false invoicing aimed at bringing money into the country.
According to BBC, the trade in donkeys has become so profitable that livestock sellers are abandoning other animals for the donkey trade.
He was referring to Joseph Duveen, the British art dealer who was responsible for bringing many great works of art to the United States.
After failing to attract luxury brands to its mall, it has begun allowing them to do their own trading on its site.
In the United States, deals fell for the second straight quarter to their lowest level since 2011, according to the report.
Ten months before he closed on his Time Warner condos, Mr. Agarwal, his father and his brother were found to have illegally moved money out of India.
In a more detailed response several days later, Fast Retailing, which is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange with a secondary listing in Hong Kong.
His first year in New Haven, he took a class on international business transactions taught by Amy Chua, author of the child-rearing manifesto “Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother.”
In France on March 12, a trio of Ming dynasty gilt-bronze statues of seated Buddhas sold for 6.3 million euros with fees, at the Bordeaux auctioneers Briscadieu.
As many dealers point out, this kind of historically aware collecting has fallen out of fashion, at least in the West.
In 2015 Hong Kong dealer Pearl Lam was the first to European Fine Art Fair in Maastricht, which closed on March 20.
Anbang Insurance Group has struck a remarkable spate of deals including an agreement two years ago to buy the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York.
Many Bitcoin businesses have wanted to edit the basic Bitcoin software to change the number of transactions that can move through the network every day.
LOS ANGELES has publicly linked arms twice in the last three years with a Hollywood company only to have the deals fall apart at the last minute.
It giving them a chance to bet on a tech-heavy clutch of private companies on an exchange sometimes called China’s Nasdaq.
Most people you see here, we don’t have a real job, we are traders, said one of the men, in a white bomber jacket.
Once created, bitcoins can be traded on currency exchanges or used as money to purchase goods and services from merchants that accept it.
HKMA was put on the spot by this singling out of Hong Kong as a point of origin for dodgy transactions.
The S.E.C. has scrutinized the bank over whether its London traders falsified records to hide losses from executives in New York.
Mr. Dimon told investigators that he was unaware traders were obscuring the losses when he held the May 10, 2012 call.
By the end of 2017, he predicts that more than 30 companies will be trading on the Asia Pacific Stock Exchange.
Weeks later, he was asked if he wanted to buy the Asia Pacific Stock Exchange from the Australian stockbroker Austock just.
The Centa-City index is compiled every week by tracking recent transaction prices of 118 of the most-traded units in Hong Kong.
The rule, includes new wording aimed at the sort of risk-taking responsible for a $6 billion trading blowup at JPMorgan Chase last year.
Traders say the gap is as wide as 2 percentage points in some bonds now, from 0.5 percentage point two months ago.
Major deals this year include China National Chemical’s $43 billion offer to acquire Syngenta of Switzerland, a maker of farm chemicals and seeds.
A deal that was set to be an emblem of a new push by Chinese companies to acquire cutting-edge technology businesses.
Since Hong Kong doesn't demand taxes from its residents who live abroad, it's likely the information sharing will be a one-way exchange.
The immediate cause of that day’s plunge was word of an opaque deal involving the central bank and the state-controlled oil company, Rosneft.
Not surprisingly, the ruble, trading at about 57 to the dollar Monday morning, collapsed to 64 rubles to the dollar by the end of the day.
One of the world's most evasive digital arms dealers have been taking advantage of them to spy on dissidents and journalists.
A trader on Goldman Sachs’s Hong Kong trading desk sent out a memo to hedge fund clients highlighting the existence of a profit opportunity.
The yuan cannot be freely tradable, and it was trading in Hong Kong as much as 1.5 percent lower than in China.
In Alibaba's case, a decision by the Hong Kong exchange not to relax its corporate-governance rules made New York an obligatory choice.
The battle for the cream of the Chinese crop among the Hong Kong, Shanghai and New York exchanges won't be defined by an IPO.
In a separate civil complaint filed on Thursday, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Mr. Wey and Mr. Erbek of fraud. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has raised questions about the accounting of more than 130 such companies in recent years.
Galaxy Gear would be shown off “around the time” of an electronics industry trade fair in Berlin that begins Sept. 6.
One of 6,000 feature films in a library that last year helped generate $1.5 billion in licensing fees from television, according to SEC filings.
SEC offers a bounty of up to 30% of penalties for any monetary sanctions the agency extracts that exceed $1 million. 
He was a senior executive of a hedge fund that was a counterparty in multiple transactions with a major U.S. investment bank.
The company makes no promise to pay you back from its own funds in the case of fraud, only to reverse the transaction.
The company uses a statistic called gross merchandise value that measures the monetary worth of transactions that flow through its services.
One of the strongest selling points to the deal with Haier is a stronger distribution network for the goods that are sold on Tmall.com.
The result of the transaction that you had in 2005 may not be the result that you get in 2014, even if the buyer is the same.
Bitcoins are little more than computer code that created according to a set algorithm and traded between online wallets using virtual keys.
The agency has not determined whether Bitcoin itself can be categorized as a security, making it hard for it to crack down on trading fraud.
It dropped more than $100 on Thursday, according to the Mt.Gox exchange, which handles Bitcoin trading online, to $1,100 from $1,217.
But with the growing acceptance of the virtual currency, there has come increasing concerns about its potential use in illicit transactions.
Ordinary members of the public have the freedom to participate in Bitcoin transactions as a kind of commodity trading activity on the Internet.
His words ― and the deal with Verizon he just helped engineer ― are just the latest corporate reaction to a staggering shift in the way.
Aleksandr Kalinin of Russia was charged with having gained access for two years to the servers of the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Shuanghui's deal stood in contrast to a 2005 attempt by oil company Cnooc Ltd. to buy Unocal Corp. for $18.5 billion.
The policy during that period might have led to too much risk-taking and borrowing, though economists disagree on that point. 
Late last month, the People's Bank of China approved the Bohai bourse's application for the first cross-border commodity contract offered out of China.
Traders estimate the total for 2013 will be 800 million tons, valued at more than $107 billion based on current prices. 
While Australian companies are likely to be studying the planned contract, the Bohai exchange isn't likely to see a significant or swift uptake.
Global miners and steel mills settle their trades each month with reference to a well-established iron-ore index provided by pricing firm Platts. 
The CoinDesk bitcoin price index, which tracks three exchanges, rose more than 80% in less than a month to hit $951.39 on Jan. 6. 
Prices on the exchange hit a record of 7,395 yuan on Dec. 1, before tumbling on the central bank's clampdown. 
The exchange reinstated trading fees in December to discourage speculative trading and that it plans to keep those fees in place. 
Transactions related to bitcoin are likely still a very small part of Taobao's overall business, so likely not worth the potential risk.
Unlike venture capitalists of old, the company's rising V.C. arm focuses not on the art of the deal, but on the science of the deal.
If the deal breaks off, I will keep searching for another credible and influential media company in the U.S. to achieve my goal.
The difficulty and the effort it takes to clear regulatory approvals is more demanding than doing a comparable deal in the U.S. or elsewhere.
Foreign buyers must apply for regulatory approval at the local level or national level, depending on the size of the deal. 
It was the biggest-ever purchase of a U.S. company by a Chinese firm, received U.S. regulatory approval within four months. 
Nearly a third of all homes purchased in Los Angeles during the first quarter of this year went for all cash.
The problem in the past was that regulators hadn't been terribly transparent as to why they denied or delayed an approval.
She and the broker representing the seller ponied up the $300 themselves to resolve the dispute and seal the deal. 
He wound up footing the bill for two chandeliers after a deal on a $599,000 unit on East 86th Street started to unravel last December. 
It had sentimental value to me and Rory really came to the rescue and took the sting out of the whole experience. 
A mantelpiece truly took a star turn in the negotiations, just as it had in the Corcoran listing, where it was mentioned no fewer than three times.
The fundamental question in this case is whether the digital currency will eventually become a widely accepted means of exchange and a store of value. 
C.P. Lotus and Wumart were not able to make sufficient progress in reaching agreement on certain key terms for the proposed transactions.
China’s deals with Germany have increased in number to 25 so far this year from 11 for the period in 2015.
51 percent of the global panel of consumers picked “businesses using, trading or selling my personal data for financial gain without my knowledge or benefit.
If Apple Pay becomes a hit, MCX member retailers still waiting on Current to begin could miss out on untold mobile payment transactions. 
But it does not include the headquarters building on 15th Street NW that the newspaper has occupied for more than six decades.
Yet six months after the announcement of the deal, the company says the app's user numbers have increased to half a billion.
In the absence of a compelling reason, the acquisition raised the question of whether Mr. Ma was benefiting from his ties to Alibaba. 
Will Alibaba continue to enter into deals with affiliates of Mr. Ma, and if it does, will it be for companies like Citic 21CN?
Its auctions and private sales was 4.8 billion pounds, or about $6.8 billion in 2015, a decline of about 5 percent from 2014.
George Jacobs, 52, a curator and dealer of outsider and self-taught art, bought her at a pet store when they were both about 10. 
Syngenta’s board said at the time that Monsanto’s bid did not account for the risk that regulators would scuttle the deal.
And just last month the company sealed a deal for KraussMaffei, a German manufacturer of plastics and rubber processing machinery, for about $1 billion.
If Mr. Nikas is right, the trial may end up becoming not just a dispute over a single sale from 2004.
Customers are met by sleekly designed outlets complete with iPads, wireless internet and hardly a scrap of paper to be seen. 
All five companies said in announcements to the stock exchange that they were pulling their listings in response to the regulator’s move.
In the United States, acquisitions by private Chinese companies overtook deals by state companies for the first time in 2012. 
A list of other overseas deals executed by Fosun last year includes the purchase in October of One Chase Manhattan Plaza in New York from JPMorgan Chase for $725 million.
The weekend moves are the latest salvos in the race to win a major share of business in cross-border transactions in the Chinese currency.
The larger branded vendors on Tmall pay not only for marketing fees to attract users to their sites, but also commissions on transactions.
But if the sale goes through, and Samsonite determines the products are fake, it turns them over to the Chinese police.
The bitcoin is in crisis right now, after hacking attacks disabled two of the biggest exchanges, making bitcoin lose a third of its value.
The central bank spent an average of $2 billion each trading day over the 12-month period ending on March 31 to buy foreign currencies and sell renminbi.
Housing starts and the number of real estate transactions have dropped as buyers hold out for lower prices after a construction boom.
That seemed to be a reference partly to China’s gradual widening of the trading band in recent years, including again last month.
Five years after the financial crisis, large and complex financial firms are still falling short when it comes to assessing risk from counterparties.
It aims to give supervisors information about large firms that engage in a broad array of financial transactions with other institutions.
In the aftermath of the crisis, progress measuring counterparty risk remains uneven and unsatisfactory, according to the report of the Senior Supervisors Group.
The deal was wrapped up in a matter of days after Jack Ma agreed to the investment while having drinks with Evergrande’s owner.
He described one potential trade that Buss agreed to make: Worthy, the future Hall of Famer, to Dallas for Mark Aguirre and Roy Tarpley.
Mr. Putin told Mr. Zhang that he hopes two Russian gas companies will similarly strike deals to export energy to China.
Russia grant similar deals to Exxon Mobil, Eni of Italy and the Norwegian oil company Statoil to drill in the Kara Sea.
The Shanghai Futures Exchange has also said in the past few years that a crude oil futures contract is in the pipeline. 
It isn't clear that they will find the new platform compelling enough to take extra steps needed to trade in yuan. 
Up until now, Bitcoin enthusiasts have been able to buy, sell and trade on their gains with few fees and little oversight.
The new guidelines also mean that online exchanges that buy and sell Bitcoin will now have to provide customers with annual reports of their transactions.
But some efforts may already be underway to ensure that the new reporting requirements will not discourage users from trading with Bitcoin.
Hong Kong Electric’s trust units represent an annualized yield of 7.2 percent for 2014, according to the company’s stock exchange filings.
In the downtown market, about 260 deals over $7 million took place, compared with 80 in 2012, with the majority in new developments.
It was seized in September from a car export business based in Los Angeles involved in reselling newly purchased luxury vehicles.
A weeklong national holiday at the start of October is one of the two biggest real estate buying times of the year.
One high profile acquisition China has made into shale gas was state-run Cnooc 's $15.1 billion purchase of Canada's Nexen Inc.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. took home the most fees of any bank in 2013 for global stock offerings, $1.5 billion, a jump of 76% from 2012.
The company has since 2010 operated AliExpress, a site which offers an array of goods in more than 220 countries. 
Soymeal futures on the Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange represent 10 tons per contract, compared to 100 short tons on the CBOT. 
It isn't subject to the strict controls on movements by China's central bank for yuan that trade in the mainland. 
Blockbuster acquisitions of U.S. assets by Chinese and Japanese companies made it the busiest start to the year for Asia's deal makers on record. 
The exchange made in response to a Dec. 5 memo from the People's Bank of China warning national financial institutions not to trade in bitcoin.
It is going to be slow in terms of trading value, so we just wanted to make sure the system is running smoothly.
0.92% meant futures traders thought the Fed would already be a few rounds into a rate hike campaign by mid-2015. 
The deal is the latest for Alibaba, which is still moving ahead on its I.P.O., one of the most highly anticipated stock sales in years.
When the deal closes, UCWeb will become a division of Alibaba overseeing the browser, mobile search, gaming and apps offerings of the company.
It did not have to file reports and financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission as frequently or as promptly as American companies. 
It measures such qualities as argumentativeness, inability to play well with others and tendency to get upset when deals go down. 
The high cost of much of the new information means that some forms of trading are becoming the province of firms.
It looks like Google has taken a fairly hefty haircut on the $12.5 billion it paid for Motorola Mobility less than three years ago.
Alibaba is now preparing to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange in what could be the biggest stock offering in history.
They found that the roundabout between Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland has risen again since the fourth quarter of 2013.
In China, consumers use Alipay to pay for all kinds of transactions, from utility bills and restaurant meals to taxi rides. 
Both the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq have given Alibaba written confirmation that it could list with such a structure. 
A separate case involving one of the defendants and the Nasdaq stock exchange was filed by the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.
From November 2008 through October 2010, he installed malicious software, or malware, on servers that allowed him to delete, change or steal data. 
The people's bank of China will allow the yuan to fluctuate within 2 per cent of the central parity rate, easing the trading range.
A number of bitcoin exchanges is expected to take longer for a more comprehensive fix to be implemented for the special software.
As of April, the US renminbi has jumped more than three times as the world's third largest country in Hong Kong and mainland China.
Several sectors had their best year ever in 2013 doing more deals and pulling in more dollars than in any year on record.
Many of the areas in which weak World Trade Organization rules have failed to level the playing field for foreign companies in China.
Once the new trade channels had been established, live lobster shipments to China continued to climb, nearly tripling in value last year.
The row between the US and EU on behalf of their flagship aerospace companies has long been one of the most contentious battles in the global trade system. 
Lawrence H. Summers, a former Treasury secretary, raised the issue of auto trade in the first question to Li Keqiang, China’s premier, at a closed-door meeting on Monday.
President Trump has made trade a major issue, saying he wants a level playing field and similar terms on both sides.
There is only a small chance that Chinese automakers would set up assembly plants in the United States, the way Japanese automakers did in the 1980s to allay trade tensions.
At the World Economic Forum in Davos last week, Mr. Ma warned of the dangers of a trade war between the United States and China.
An American labor union plans to push the United States to impose broad, steep tariffs on aluminum imports by using a little-used but wide-ranging trade law.
The union and its law firm said that they plan on Monday to file the petition, which covers raw aluminum imports, with an American trade panel.
Section 201 cases are reviewed by the United States International Trade Commission, a bipartisan, quasi-judicial group of trade experts in Washington.
A lawsuit was brought by the Federal Trade Commission and an investigation by attorneys general in 42 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.
Making sure to continue to supply yarn to apparel manufacturers to countries like Vietnam that are in the T.P.P. trade zone.
Mr. Groser noted that New Zealand was the first to propose a trade accord to link both sides of the Pacific Ocean.
Republicans in Congress, especially Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, is a chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and a key ally of the president’s on trade.
The two countries have been in free trade talks since May 2012, with a ninth round of negotiations concluding last week.
China is South Korea's number one trade partner, and there is no question that the talks will take priority this year.
A deal eliminating 90% of import tariffs between South Korea and China could boost South Korea's economy by 3% over the next decade.
Though it won't produce a free trade agreement, the summit will help the negotiators speed up their work to strike a deal.
We’re asking for the strongest enforcement efforts possible so that U.S. companies and workers can see real benefit from these trade cases.
dispute over exports of low-cost solar panels had threatened to set off a wider trade war between two of the world’s largest economies.
The Chinese government hoped from the start of the trade case with the European Union for a negotiated settlement instead of a legal battle.
He Weiwen is the co-director of the China-United States-European Union Study Center at the China Association of International Trade in Beijing.
The Office of the United States Trade Representative, which is part of the White House, had no immediate response to the European deal.
Australia said on Wednesday that it wanted to push ahead with a Chinese-led trade pact that would cover Asian nations from Japan to India.
Much of Asia has for decades quietly accepted American security guarantees while also running large trade surpluses with the United States.
Song Guoyou, a longtime trade specialist who is the deputy director of the Center for American Studies at Fudan University in Shanghai.
Since 2011, trade negotiators from China, Japan, Australia, India and 12 other Asian nations have been meeting several times a year.
The volume of global trade was flat in the first quarter of 2016, then fell by 0.8 percent in the second quarter.
It is the first time since World War II that trade with other nations has declined during a period of economic growth.
The World Trade Organization said in July that its members had put in place more than 2,100 new restrictions on trade since 2008.
The McKinsey Global Institute calculates that 15 countries account for roughly 63 percent of the global traffic in goods and services.
Voters in developed nations increasingly view themselves as the victims of trade with the developing world, and a backlash is brewing.
They failed to provide those distinctions and caveats, now trade gets tarred with all kinds of ills even when it’s not deserved.
The People's Bank of China has allowed more volatility in yuan trading, helping to curb speculative capital inflows disguised as foreign trade. 
The penalties are the latest round in a series of trade battles between Beijing and Washington over the past four years.
Countries with a lower share of foreign ownership of domestic assets, a trade surplus and large foreign-exchange reserves have been more resilient. 
A Senate bill proposing trade sanctions spooked China into lifting the value of its currency，thus raising the price of Chinese products.
Measures include slashing government subsidies to improve its budget position and staggering capital-intensive imports to keep its trade balance in surplus. 
On Saturday, the Obama administration vetoed the federal commission’s ban on Apple mobile products in a separate case brought by Samsung.
A Federal Appeals Court sent a patent case that Apple brought against Motorola Mobility, which is owned by Google, back to the trade commission.
Two of us were on opposite sides of the table negotiating China's accession to the World Trade Organization in the 1990s.
The concession could pave the way for a new boom in exports since the two countries sealed a broad trade deal.
But it is not clear whether the classification has been changed, since the World Trade Organization has not yet confirmed the new designation.
If the trade deficit persists it could throw into question Japan's ability to buy the food, oil and natural resources it needs. 
Yet unlike many global commodities, cement is a product in which China’s leading role has little bearing on exports or on European suppliers.
An anti-free-trade atmosphere at home might make it difficult for the U.S. to make concessions needed to move the talks forward. 
Countries with large trade surpluses such as Germany and China would boost domestic consumption and move away from a reliance on exports.
For 2013, trade with China fell 6.5% due to the continuing chill in relations as well as a slowdown in China's growth rate.
Whether yuan prices for tradable goods are in line or out of line with foreign-currency prices at a given exchange rate.
During the past couple of years Chinese firms have cut export prices in yuan despite the pick-up of global trade. 
At least there actually was a trade case filed by a fictional administration against China on currency in "House of Cards".
As of the first quarter, around 18% of China's $4 trillion in annual foreign trade was conducted in the currency, known as the yuan. 
There are some analysts who contend that arbitrage has led to false exports and that's what's behind the strong export growth. 
It is important to note that China's regional trading partners such as Taiwan and South Korea registered very weak January exports. 
You can just look at trade data for China and other key Asian exporters, import data for the United States. 
Much of that is very likely trade financing and so more linked to trends in trade than in China's domestic economy.
Some analysts view the setback as a reflection on the organization itself, which has often been unable to seal trade agreements.
Burberry said yesterday that sales from stores open at least a year in Hong Kong were hit by a “double-digit decline”. 
Hong Kong’s retail management association has said that some of its members reported dramatic falls in sales in the first few days of October.
New residential property sales were up 13 percent ually in floor-area terms in May, the second month of gains after 13 straight months of falling sales.
The company on Monday said it sold more than 10 million of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in the first three days.
Besides the new convertible device, Asustek will stop selling the dual-OS Asus Transformer AiO P1801 and P1802 all-in-one PCs launched last year.
But in the second quarter, Apple’s iPad sales declined 9.3 percent compared with the same period a year ago, IDC said.
Sales of tablets will surpass those of PCs in the fourth quarter of this year, and on an annual basis in 2015.
A photograph of the two women was posted on the Facebook page of the condominium sales arm of Trump International Realty in Las Vegas. 
That was despite longstanding accusations of sales of counterfeit goods — fake wine, knockoff handbags and falsely branded electronics — on Alibaba’s platforms.
Mostly because of taxes that Beijing charges on every car, and sport utility vehicle that is made in another country and brought to China’s shores.
But there is one area of collecting that is still capable of setting exceptional prices, seemingly regardless of where it is being sold or what is happening in the world.
The vast majority of the 80,000 chemicals available for sale in the United States have never been tested for effects on our health.
Perhaps the danger of tainted brands and lost sales abroad ― not the risk to Americans ― will motivate American companies to adopt overseas limits.
In China, Alibaba operates online sales platforms that connect consumers with mom-and-pop stores, as well as with global brands like Burberry and Zara.
It has been showing sales growth on its platforms using a measure called gross merchandise volume, a yardstick for transactions across its platforms.
Alibaba said the United States Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating the way the company accounted for the sales data from Singles Day.
It was not fake products but the business model of selling those products online that was the real threat to major foreign brands.
Mr. Hagiwara said sales jumped by about 10 percent in the first month or so after the price increase in March.
The price bureau’s statement said the penalty was set at 4 percent of Shanghai G.M.’s annual sales, or 201 million yuan.
A slowdown in home construction and car sales has contributed to trouble in the steel and iron ore sectors and in the energy sector.
Mr. Ma of Alibaba assured Mr. Trump that small businesses selling goods on his websites in China would add a million new American jobs.
As construction cranes return in some cities' construction plants, real estate offices in some of the best neighborhoods fill up again with buying customers.
Tt’s nearly impossible to tie a dollar figure to the growth of this kind of entertainment because it spans so many categories.
And it was a commercial success, with more than $100,000 in sales by the time it was patented in 1925. 
They add Web return centers, pickup locations, free shipping outlets, payment booths and even drive-through customer service centers for online sales to their brick-and-mortar buildings.
The majority of in-store purchases are made with cash or debit cards, and that about 15 percent are made with credit cards.
Property sales in the week before the Chinese new year holiday fell by about 20 per cent from the corresponding week a year earlier.
A study last year by Artron estimated that as many as 250,000 people in about 20 Chinese cities may be involved in producing and selling fakes.
The period for ordering the new iPhones before their sale date was longer than that for the previous generation of the device.
After 12 months of English and computer courses, Mr. Wang got a job as a salesman for AMP, Australia’s biggest insurer.
Wong's online storefront X2C sells everything from Havaianas flip flops to Armani watches at 20% to 60% less than what they retail for in stores of China.
Using more common 3G technology, China Unicom has offered iPhones since 2009 and China Telecom began selling iPhones in 2012. 
A type of bacteria had been found in tests of ingredients the company sells for use in infant formula and sports drinks. 
In January, fashion label Opening Ceremony announced a plan to partner with Intel to create a tech-enabled bracelet to be sold at Barneys New York.
Sales executive Erica Pearce has seen teleconferences interrupted by home FedEx deliveries, crying children and the sound of a co-worker vacuuming his house.
Yet real estate developers’ inventories of unsold apartments now equal 12 to 18 months’ worth of sales in China’s biggest cities, like Beijing and Shanghai.
But a clever social media strategy and a business plan that emphasized selling services that work on the phone helped Xiaomi build frenzied support from young and trendy Chinese.
Alibaba said its sales rose 55 percent to $5.14 billion in its second quarter from the same period a year earlier.
This ype of phone will be sold by all the major American phone carriers beginning in late August or early September.
In the last year he has begun receiving calls from China for the first time in his 32 years selling homes.
They all have the problem of selling something ― imaginary tractors, Internet films, discount deals or, in Facebook’s case, someone “liking” a produc。
She has her salespeople take Decker training partly beacuse they learn to come across as warm and engaging in training videos.
There has been an acceleration of yogurt sales in our stores that is bigger than anything we’ve seen in the past.
At full price without a contract, which is how many overseas carriers make people pay for phones, the iPhone 5C costs $550. 
It includes equipment it sells to telecom operators to run their wireless networks, brings in the majority of the company’s annual revenue.
Customers must reserve the tablet online if they want to pick it up in an Apple retail store wherever it is available.
Its most impressive aspect is not the millions of packages shipped or the billions of dollars spent, but the fact that it exists at all.
Last year, by Alibaba’s tally, $13.5 billion changed hands over its platform that day ― a feat it expects to top on Friday.
He was backed by the income from his royalties and record sales, and the licensing of his songs for films or other uses.
The idea is to instill in employees the notion that they are doing something far grander than just selling or fixing products.
He considered Apple a place that “wanted you to be the best you could be in life, not just in sales.”
In the first hour of sales, from midnight to 1 a.m. Monday, 24 percent of the orders came in via smartphones.
As for HTC, it has won a few days of sales until the case can be heard by the appeals court. 
Patricia Roch is a senior vice president of marketing and sales at Kreyos, whose $170 Meteor watch begins shipping this month.
But it sells the phones for up to a year and a half, giving time for the components' price to fall.
The show, which has been running since 1967, grew up around devices like television sets and stereos sold by distributors and retailers. 
The news publishers can either sell and embed advertisements in the articles, keeping all of the revenue, or allow Facebook to sell ads.
The smaller Chinese start-up OnePlus, which puts equal emphasis on selling in China and abroad, began selling its flagship One phone in December.
One of them, 49-year-old Junko Takahashi, said she had just bought a jacket to get that purchase done before the sales-tax rise.
Because of awaring of an economic downturn in Japan linked in part at least to a previous sales tax increment in 1997.
This year BYD began selling a small number of its e6 electric S.U.V.’s in the United States, but only to corporate fleets.
Because some of the weakness from a sales perspective has been almost all to do with the fact that there's no inventory. 
Samsung, a household name in China because of its TV sets, sells smartphones that cost less than $200 to compete against local handset vendors.
What’s different about the shampoo, and 100 other baby products sold by Johnson & Johnson, isn’t so much about what’s been added.
Being wild is important for a company that has sold billions of bottles of baby shampoo on its “No More Tears” claim.
It was in an attempt to balance these conflicting impulses that Mr. Abe allowed a planned increase in the national sales tax to go through.
Most economists agree that the immediate cause was the increase on April 1 of the sales tax to 8 percent from 5 percent.
Amazon is branching out into many forms of commerce and technology, but at its core it sells commodity goods cheaply. 
There are allegations from the owners of famous brands that it takes a lax stance on counterfeit goods on its sales platforms. 
Japanese auto makers such as Toyota Motor Corp., Honda Motor Co. and Nissan Motor Co. sell plenty of cars around the world.
That can hurt Japanese car makers, which have been slow to offer large luxury vehicles in China and diesel engines cars in Europe.
But iPad sales were flat, and Mac sales slowed down ― and both of those devices brought in less revenue than a year ago.
The Chinese government decided last September to halve the sales tax on cars with engines of 1.6 liters or less, to 5 percent through the end of 2016.
The sale of high-end Chinese art was largely the preserve of foreign houses operating from Hong Kong and an older, privately owned company Guardian. 
The slumping sales may also be partly attributed to the shift away from traditional toys toward electronics and games in recent years.
They are faced with weakening sales in its core brands like Barbie and Fisher-Price, and criticism that it was too slow to pick up on trends.
The closer in quality -- and price -- the knockoffs are to the genuine products, the more the counterfeit goods chip away at the company's sales.
Only a few real estate developers have been willing to brave the wrath of earlier purchasers and cut prices for unsold units in apartment towers.
General Electric, for example, made 34% of its sales outside of the U.S. and Europe in 2012 versus 17% in 2003. 
Caterpillar generated 36% of its total sales last year in Latin America and the Asian-Pacific region, compared with 21% in 2003. 
Countries outside of the U.S. and Europe accounted for 40% of Johnson & Johnson's sales in 2013, up from 17% in 2003. 
For the quarter ended Oct. 31, comparable sales in the U.S.-at stores open at least a year-rose by a modest 1%.
It makes more money from a sale of a high-price corporate PC than it does from a low-cost consumer machine. 
A five-bedroom town house at 12 East 76th Street on the Upper East Side sold for $27 million in a whisper sale.
He wrote in an e-mail that Ford has focused its game on targeting high growth and high volume segments which is S.U.V.’s and sedans.
Calendar seller Mr. Li pointed to his stock and expressed frustration that he might only be able to salvage cardboard for recycling.
Apple had strong growth from iPhone sales, selling about six million more over the quarter than it did in the same period last year.
We sell our phones on the Internet and use social networks to deliver information to consumers and collect feedback from users.
Reports of auto salesmen taking cash payments to look the other way at the activities are not limited to dealerships in the New York area.
The city will also provide a local subsidy for the sale of BYD's e6 cars even though they are built in Shenzhen. 
Global auto makers on average put about 8% to 9% of their sales toward capital expenditure and research and development. 
The company violated federal wire fraud laws and defrauded American car dealers into selling them vehicles that were intended solely for domestic use.
She gets a flat fee or a percentage of sales when a customer clicks through from her blog and buys something.
One alert insurer is selling “World Cup Heartbreak Insurance” to ease the pain of an early knockout of one's favorite non-Chinese team.
April sales tax increase aimed at improving the nation's finances over the longer term could chill economic growth in the short term. 
Tyson's plan is to increase its sales from international production by at least 12% annually over the next few years. 
The bulk of Tyson's chicken sales in China today are to wholesalers and other meatpackers that use the meat in sausage and other products. 
Ford said on Thursday that its plans by 2016 to sell five U.S.-made Lincoln models through 60 dealerships in 50 cities in China.
The Chinese contract is supposedly the first step in a broader push to sell gas eastward, as well as to the West.
Do they have the superior performance in terms of both results and values (say, in the top 20% of the team)?
Meritocracy is leadership thought to be based on men and women who have earned their way not through the privileges of birth but by merit.
It would have resulted in a significant loss in an off-balance-sheet vehicle and forced the bank to restate its earnings. 
In the process they lifted the fortunes of local handset makers, from the well known Huawei and Lenovo to the obscure brands Coolpad and Gionee.
Amazon lost money in 2012, and analysts are anticipating another loss when the company releases its third-quarter results on Thursday. 
Firmer economic data and solid corporate earnings from the United States are raising hopes that Asia will soon see a long-awaited bounce in exports to the West.
So does the pattern that first shall be last mean you should instead follow the lead of the worst performer of the previous year?
While there is no magical track-record length on which you should always focus, 15 years is a good rule of thumb.
Even though you can increase your chances of success by picking your adviser based on long-term performance, beating the market is by no means guaranteed.
Sales rose 52 percent from a year earlier to $5.84 billion because of the strength of its mobile advertising business and an increase in daily users.
the United States Commerce Department demands Huawei to turn over information about its sales to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria.
In the auction of Dah Sing Financial’s insurance business, more than two dozen suitors showed up for the first round of bids, half of them from the mainland.
Yahoo turned over control of its China operations to its partner Alibaba Group in 2005 as part of a corporate tie-up.
More and more manufacturers are considering relocating their production from Guangdong to more inland in China, or even to other countries.
OSI, which is based in Aurora, Ill., had been known for its industry-leading operations and quality control, and for it, the episode was jarring.
The day we arrived at the rental office to pick up our keys, they weren’t available ― and our apartment wasn’t ready. 
To oversee international expansion, the Alibaba Group is turning to a former Goldman Sachs executive who has long worked with the Chinese Internet giant.
Mr. Evans’s work is to help Alibaba expand its business abroad and in particular to convince companies in Europe, the Americas and elsewhere in Asia.
The cooperation would enable “us to focus on better serving our consumers and merchants, and allows us to concentrate on developing new businesses and driving product innovation.
Training a quality person with reasonable intelligence who was a blank canvas when it came to my business yielded exactly the sort of long-term, invested employee I was seeking.
It has to obtain regulatory approval for the deal in the states where Genworth does business. Mr. Lu and Thomas J. McInerney.
When it announced the purchase, the company said it wanted to expand its real estate business and build an international conglomerate.
Financial institutions from countries who don't sign onto a FATCA agreement will be subject to a 30% withholding tax from any of its U.S.-related business.
In recent years, newspapers large and small have experimented with concepts aimed at capturing elusive online revenue to make up for losses in print circulation and advertising. 
That is an area where Mr. Bezos might be primed to flex his expertise in analyzing data to find ways to engage a younger audience.
Spain, Thailand and several cities in India and the United States are among the regions that have banned Uber’s mainstay service, at least temporarily.
Some carriers, including Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co. and New York Life Insurance Co., generally work only with their own agents.
He maintained the division's target of reaching $10 billion in sales by 2017, four times the sales figure achieved last year. 
He also said the division will raise its spending on research and development, which was $600 million in 2013, by 10%. 
Harnessing the unique skills of people on the autism spectrum has the potential to strengthen our business and make us more competitive.
A further payment of up to ￡1 billion would be made later, depending on the performance of the combined businesses of Three and O2.
I have asked the entire senior management team at all of the businesses being sold to continue in their roles as well.
In the past two years, Japan's Toyota Motor Corp., Honda Motor Co. and Nissan Motor Co. all announced plans to expand their U.S. operations. 
We have already started to see early signs of business breakthroughs in new categories and some of its burgeoning growth assets.
The U.S. alleges last year Erxin Zhou and Yifan Kong bought 2,000 luxury cars using the money earned by the tire business.
The value of Nokia’s maps may decrease now that the company no longer has a device business attached to it. 
Even with the remnants of Nokia, the loss of its phone business creates a void for Finland as a whole. 
Classifying Uber's drivers as employees may turn out to be an even bigger roadblock to the company's business than regulatory changes.
One of its biggest pushes is in entertainment, and Singles Day this year appears aimed at using show business to maintain the buzz.
This business line, reported revenue of 26.6 billion renminbi in the first six months of this year, up 11 percent from the period a year earlier.
In the rapid growth of the online gig economy, many workers have felt squeezed and at times dehumanized by a business structure.
I can tell you that we have continued to experience strong growth for our business in China through July and August.
The bank is in connection with its financial crisis-era mortgage business and a $6 billion trading loss in London last year.
Of course, all those changes depend on whether Yahoo can actually close on the sale of its primary internet businesses to Verizon.
Square, Jack Dorsey's payments business, boasts a gleaming coffee bar with a barista who hosts classes on the best ways to brew.
The fear is that it could become more of a destination than their own sites for the work they produce, drawing away readers and advertising.
If there is one key to our journey to building the largest digital media platform in the world, it is mobile.
By way of explaining why AOL, a company known for its news and entertainment sites and its dial-up subscribers, was merging with a cellphone carrier.
He added that the most successful companies with mobile ads tended to be those that knew a lot about their customers.
It's trailed by Japan Tobacco Inc.'s $7.8 billion purchase in 1999 of the international tobacco operations of RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp. 
It gave control of a trove of mobile patents and a handset business that has yet to shine under Google's ownership.
It's no surprise, perhaps, that a move by one unit of state-owned China Telecom to accept certain payments in the digital currency.
In the third quarter, display revenue fell 7%, year on year, to $470 million as search revenue dropped 8% to $435 million.
For the nine months ended Sept. 30, display and search revenue were down 10% and 9%, respectively, with other revenue up 8%.
That implies a $11.1 billion valuation for Yahoo's core business, or 7.1 times 2014 Ebitda -- pricey relative to analyst models.
He noted that for most large Chinese charter operators, the central government had been one of the biggest sources of business.
The company’s recent acquisition of the Hong Kong-listed company Citic 21CN shows just how much we still don’t know about Alibaba and its business.
Before the announcement, Citic 21CN was a sleepy Bermuda company listed in Hong Kong since 1972 with its principal business in “system integration and software development”. 
Drugs are a new area for the company and accounted for about 3 percent of its revenue of $63 million in its last fiscal year.
The outstanding amount of directional asset management plans issued by securities companies at the end of 2013 was 4.83 trillion yuan.
Ren Jianxin, the ChemChina chairman, said in a video that ChemChina and Syngenta are highly complementary businesses with relatively limited overlaps in products.
Chinese oil companies operate in some of the world's dodgiest locales, where political and social uncertainty routinely puts flow of resources at risk.
New Zealand dairy company Fonterra Co-Operative Group Ltd sold its second dim-sum bond Tuesday, raising 1.25 billion yuan to finance its businesses in China. 
Instead it offered only a China commerce item, which includes all that it makes on Tmall and Taobao along with its other smaller e-commerce websites.
Viacom’s film revenue fell 19 percent last year, as it cut back on its release schedule and reined in spending. 
Ms. Pascal has run the film operation for almost 17 years, while Mr. Lynton has been the studio’s top officer since 2004. 
They complained that they should be relieved of their legal responsibilities because of the money and effort they spent building their businesses.
The opportunity for the iPhone to expand its reach within China Mobile's wireless subscriber base will prove to be well worth the wait.
Lenovo is trying to repeat its success with PCs in the broader field of enterprise computing such as servers and storage.
Buying Motorola was a way for Google to test whether the smartphone business requires a single vendor to create both the hardware and software.
The Hong Kong companies Sun Hung Kai Properties and Henderson Land Development were the developers with the largest footprints in the New Territories.
Lenovo Group Ltd. agreed on Wednesday in the U.S. to buy the Motorola handset business from Google Inc. For $2.91 billion.
Wal-Mart in October 2013 said it plans to close 15 to 30 stores over 18 months as part of a goal to improve its operations in China.
It needs to enter such business to ensure the supply of energy and natural resources, to provide power for the economy.
The agreement is also good news for gas distributors such as Kunlun Energy and China Gas, who buisness grows over time.
It ends up that you can pay over 5 percent in taxes just for the benefit of being able to invest your money in New York City.
They are sort of ching up with the United States and Japan on the technological frontier whether it be patents or R&D investment.
Chinese corporate overseas investment is helping to further open the economy at home and China’s participation in the global economy abroad.
The chaebols’ lack of interest in acquiring small companies is a major factor deterring investment in the latter and slowing the circulation of capital and human resources”. 
VI Holding said in the autumn of 2014 that it pled to invest $1bn to establish an alumina refinery in Kalimantan. 
Another company said it would invest $1.2bn with Ansteel Group in the development of an industrial estate in Ujung Jabung. 
They do not see it as long-term investing but as a kind of gambling in order to grow rich as quickly and effortlessly as possible. 
They often put their money in property, art, businesses and other investments that the rest of us can only dream of owning. 
If you think that starting a business is an odd way to invest your money, then you probably aren’t among the ultra-wealthy.
His plan was to invest public money for the public good through a fund tied to one of the country’s oil-producing states.
The Dutchman and his fellow old masters have fallen out of fashion and are no longer as coveted by collectors and investors.
Investors do not expect to incur a loss of about 40 percent a quarter century after buying a Warhol or a Basquiat. 
As investors in the Hinkley project, the Chinese should be given the right to operate their own nuclear station at Bradwell in Essex.
When Apple reports earnings every Tuesday, investors will be scouring the results for signs of how fast that downshift is happening.
Since the first auction in 2000, these private lunch dates with the billionaire investor and philanthropist have raised more than $17 million for the charity.
Participation was seen from investors such as Carl C. Icahn, the hedge fund manager, as well as Rakuten, Alibaba and Tencent.
Inspired by their success and driven by huge buyouts of smaller companies by China’s Internet giants, investors have poured money into new start-ups.
New figures from the end of 2015 show that wave of investment may be coming to an end, or at least slowing.
They are in the transition of the Chinese economy from one centered on infrastructure investment to one based on consumer spending.
The slowdown comes as total Asian venture capital investment hit levels last seen in 2013 in North America, before the most recent boom in investment there.
In the last quarter of the year, the total amount of money funding private companies fell by 30 percent from the previous quarter.
Such investment in Asia jumped from just $2.8 billion in the first quarter of 2014 to $14.2 billion in the third quarter of 2015.
The downturn in Dongguan, a once-thriving manufacturing hub, is part of the Chinese economic puzzle that global investors are trying to solve.
Investors are willing to pay or make loans of close to $2 billion for the masterpieces inside the Detroit Institute of Arts.
In 2012 he had presented a letter of support from 1MDB in his investors’ unsuccessful bid for the hotel group that includes Claridge’s.
At the time, Mr. Ford’s firm, Keydata Investment Services, was at the center of one of the biggest financial collapses in Britain,
A couple years back, western investors ― discouraged by low returns both in the United States and in the noncrisis nations of Europe.
For example, the production costs of what the B.E.A., a part of the Commerce Department, calls long-lived TV shows will for the first time be counted as investment.
Finally, if you look at my list of major areas that were cut, you’ll notice that they mainly involve investing in the future.
If land cannot be easily acquired and coal supplies easily guaranteed, the private sector will shy away from investing in the power grid.
Officials with Fuyao have been criticized on social media in China, however, for investing offshore instead of keeping jobs within China.
Prime Minister Najib Razak confronts accusations that people close to him harvested $1 billion from a state investment fund he oversaw.
So far, the rise of America’s 1 percent has mainly been driven by executive salaries and bonuses rather than income from investments.
It’s less well understood that the biggest breaks went not to people paid high salaries but to coupon-clippers and heirs to large estates.
Ms. Miller said that everyone she had worked with at tech companies wore jeans and T-shirts, and surely no venture capitalist cared.
We’re pretty positive on this from a mission point of view and even from a return on investment point of view.
For a time, it seemed as if it had the golden touch ― entry into Y Combinator, $1.3 million in venture capital and traffic pouring in from Craigslist.
A few of the investors and companies she had met during the fund-raising process had contacted her about working for them. 
Investors prefer pitches by men, particularly attractive men, to those by women, even when the content of the pitch is the same. 
Venture firms with female partners are three times as likely to invest in a company with a female chief executive. 
During a period of great economic growth prompted partly by the significant infrastructure investment it had received after World War II.
Japan’s expertise in these areas would be valuable to the A.I.I.B., and to key strategic partners that need infrastructure investment to grow
Ms. Albert invested her IRA with Mr. Madoff using Westport National Bank in Connecticut as the custodian rather than directly into Madoff's firm.
His mind went to his personal savings, partially invested with Mr. Madoff, and to his pension plan, which was all invested with the swindler.
The second reason is that investing the Warren Buffett way is a lot more complicated than he makes it sound. 
Together, the deals proposed would help to create more than a million new American jobs and tens of billions of dollars in new investments.
Mr. Trump’s public praise and cajoling, includes the photo ops in Trump Tower and the Twitter posts broadcasting investment vows as political victories.
Across China, government officials, corporate executives, private investors and newcomers like Mr. Lu are in a headlong rush to develop a domestic electric car industry.
Chinese companies and investors are going wild for assets of pretty much any color or stripe in the world’s developed economies.
Last year, Huayi Brothers said it would invest upward of $120 million in a film venture lead by Jeffrey Robinov, an ousted Warner executive.
STX is a fledgling movie company backed by TPG Growth, Hony Capital and, among others, Gigi Pritzker, an heiress turned movie producer.
This rewards investors who bet that the Fed was once again allowing its hopes to get ahead of the economic data.
Many Chinese companies have multiple financial statements, one is for external auditors and investors, another kind is to management for internal use.
The man of price manipulation may be collectors and investors, perhaps an art investment fund with large holdings in a particular artist.
Oil and Gas UK, a trade group, forecasts oil industry investment in Britain at 14 billion pounds this year, about triple what it was five years ago.
The flip side of bitcoins is investors such as Raoul Pal, a former hedge-fund manager and founder of the Global Macro Investor, a macroeconomic research service.
SecondMarket, a platform for investing in private assets, has already launched a private fund called the Bitcoin Investment Trust, which holds bitcoins.
As bitcoin mania unfolds, the currency might turn out to be merely a speculative bubble that bursts as investors lose interest.
By risking very little, at the very least, an investor might be part of a story that's still told nearly 400 years later.
They're worried about a broader contagion that could make it difficult for individual investors to withdraw money from their mutual funds.
It illustrates the risks global mutual fund investors were willing to take on in their desire to load up on high-yielding securities.
It has manged to do it in a way that allows them to mollify domestic critics and stave off criticism from international investors.
From the 1920s through the late 1990s, investors benefited from some huge one-off gains that couldn't be - or were unlikely to be-repeated.
He said the renminbi could continue to come under selling pressure, as investors flock to the perceived safety of the dollar.
Tens of millions of migrant workers flocked from all over China to Guangdong’s factories, many of factories built by Hong Kong investors.
That will kick off a two-week roadshow for investors and it begins in Asia and then reaches the United States in the week of Sept. 8.
The investor, one of the world’s largest dairy companies, had put millions of dollars into a partnership with the Sanlu Group.
In response to food safety problems in China, it had invested hundreds of millions of dollars building a chicken-meat supply chain in the country
Last year, the ShriVallabh Pittie Group, a leading textile manufacturer in India, broke ground on a $70 million factory in Sylvania, Ga.
He asked Chinese immigrants if they would like to “save thousands of dollars” in taxes by investing in the country’s new pension plan.
HONG KONG ― Tujia, China’s equivalent of the property-rental site Airbnb, has raised $300 million in its latest round of funding.
SAFE is an agency of the central bank but invests independently under a mandate to optimize returns on the country's foreign-currency reserves.
Alper Ince, a partner who helps invest $15 billion into hedge funds at Pacific Alternative Asset Management Co. in Irvine, Calif.
Yields are no longer high enough nor spreads wide enough to draw bargain hunters who are willing to take risk. 
Mr. Langley said there are a handful of wealthy hedge fund owners, but American investment in Australia has been minimal recently.
Some 5.3 trillion yuan ($853 billion) worth of trust products mature this year in China,according to Eastspring Investment, an asset management company.
The Fed’s action, or absence of it, on Sept. 17 and accompanying remarks were as benign as investors possibly could have imagined.
Meituan, a group buying service backed by Alibaba, said Thursday that it would join forces with Dianping,a consumer review website backed by Tencent.
The argument is that if you believe the Chinese economy is slowing and NPLs are on the rise, Cinda is a good countercyclical investment.
The global investors signed up as cornerstones, including Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC, Farallon Capital Management LLC, Oaktree Capital Group LLC and Norges Bank.
The $30,000 difference goes to the city, the investors who put up the money to buy the loan, closing costs and M.R.P.
Embraced by investors hunting for the high yields and as the housing market in China boomed with soaring prices and sales.
More Hong Kong investors expressed negative views of property than those who said it was a good time to invest, the data showed.
and high-income investors across Asia in a separate study by Manulife, Canada's biggest insurer, with US$269 billion of assets under management worldwide.
You really can differentiate among investors who will be more focused on fundamentals, who invests along with the rest of the bandwagon.
About $500 billion reflects investors buying United States Treasury securities, bonds issued by Fannie Mae and debt issued by American companies.
They were safeguarding cash by increasing exports and not investing as much as they should, with the result being a savings surge.
He use Wall Street jargon to describe what happens when the interest rates of these bonds decrease as investors pile in.
We are seeing institutional investors come to us and ask for levels of risk that they have never asked for before.
In a surprise move on Monday, the German authorities withdrew approval for the takeover of a domestic semiconductor firm by a Chinese bidder.
Alibaba introduced an unusual new fund allowing Internet users to invest directly in a product that will help finance four different film projects.
It can't guarantee returns, investors should expect a 7% return from the year-long investment and the ability to help cast the movies.
It is a move that will give overseas investors rare access to one of China's largest and most prestigious state-owned companies.
But if you talk to foreign investors, a lot of them who are here in Vietnam know that this is a good time to buy.
Consumers considering a hybrid are likely to come out ahead by keeping their money and using the investment returns to purchase a traditional policy.
Traders have attributed such dramatic moves to suspected buying from powerful investors such as state pension funds and asset managers with close ties to the government. 
Several companies that were supposed to be the foundation of a new Internet era plummeted this week as analysts and investors downgraded their dreams. 
The questions about whether the chief executives and other early investors might have been a little too eager to cash in are already beginning.
Many venture capitalists say Silicon Valley is rich with investment opportunities, because the world of 2012 is vastly different from the dot-com era. 
Threadneedle has about $50 million invested in copper through futures and swaps, out of $1.3 billion invested in its commodities funds. 
Alibaba's chief financial officer tried to limit the financing round to a small group of investors to restrict access to Alibaba's financial information.
Of all the new foreign direct investment, or FDI, that flowed across borders last year, much in the form of mergers and acquisitions, 12% went to the U.S. 
Steve McCorriston is a professor at the University of Exeter Business School in the U.K. who has researched trade, foreign direct investment and taxation. 
For the first six months of 2013, new FDI into the U.S. was down 22% from the same period a year earlier. 
Companies still are turning to America, such as German car maker Daimler AG, which is expanding manufacturing in the U.S. and Mexico. 
In a 2011 survey for the Organization for International Investment, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC polled chief financial officers of U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies.
This year, China’s MMG, Guoxin International Investment and Citic Metal bought the Las Bambas copper mine from the Anglo-Swiss conglomerate Glencore.
For many American investors, Alibaba is seen as a proxy for the health of the Chinese economy and the strength of its consumers.
It has also been investing in the growth of e-commerce in the country so it can continue to grow even as the country's economy slows.
Slowing economic growth in China has caused investors to move money out of the country in search of better returns elsewhere. 
A pessimist would say more big money finding its way to tech start-ups is a sure sign of an investment bubble.
Those firms typically promise their own backers a return 10 times or more on the money they’ve put into a company. 
China Mobile and Vodafone of Britain are planning to spend billions of dollars to upgrade their mobile data networks to fourth-generation technology.
Cook said recently in a call with investors that the company was puzzled about why sales of its products were struggling in China. 
Last year, the company invested in Sina's Twitter-like Weibo service and integrated some of Taobao's product listing functions into the microblog.
The whistleblower provided evidence against Anshoo R. Sethi, a 30-year-old Chicago resident who allegedly duped about 250 investors, mostly Chinese. 
It used to be that public investors who got in on the ground floor of an initial offering could earn historic gains.
While the benchmark index for investors, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index tumbled 2.09 percent, erasing its gain for the year.
Carl Icahn, the investor, warned Tyson Foods that it had to drop gestation crates if it wanted to find buyers for its pork.
Since she was hired in the summer of 2012, investors have paid little attention to her efforts to revive the fading Internet company.
When we look at the investments we need to make in the business, you'll see the same type of mix we've been making to date.
We really need to see what opportunities arise in terms of the ways we could deploy the cash at that time.
Yahoo is likely to keep the rest of the money for acquisitions, adding to the $2.9 billion cash and short-term liquid investments it already has.
With Alibaba soon to play a much smaller role in Yahoo's finances, Ms. Mayer will get an unvarnished look at how investors view their leadership.
The numbers underlying the event - which investors scrutinize as a gauge of the health of Alibaba and the Chinese consumer - are under a cloud.
Pressed by investor expectations and a slowdown in growth, investors are watching closely to see what Alibaba’s next act will be.
Duncan Clark, the founder of the investment advisory firm BDA China and an early adviser of Alibaba has written a book about the company.
A judge on Jan. 6 awarded investors who had tried unsuccessfully to gain access to the books of China's Yinlips Technology Inc. 
In a 2011 essay in The Wall Street Journal, venture capitalist and Internet pioneer Marc Andreessen predicted that software companies are "eating the world".
When only several Wall Street investors like Mr. Loeb and SAC Capital Advisors' Steven Cohen were even going to auctions, much less buying art.
Mr. Gray said he does employ the same  "laser focus" to his collecting as he likely does to his investing.
People who give you millions of dollars for nothing but an idea at the very least expect your complete commitment to that idea.
Investors and analysts are now wondering whether Samsung will choose to cut prices or push innovation harder in order to fight back.
The opportunities have attracted a number of startups, some of which have managed to raise substantial funding from venture capitalists. 
It is also pursuing small, targeted investments in consumer-focused start-up firms, rather than making big acquisitions as it is doing in China. 
This week, drone maker DJI, which is based in Shenzhen, China, said it raised $75 million from venture capital firm Accel Partners.
The Chinese investment is an example of how internet companies in China often invest first and then worry about legal restrictions.
A host of Chinese companies were accused of of having lied to investors about their accounting metrics and details of their businesses.
The central bank has forecast firm exports and business investment will propel the economy in 2014 despite the sales tax increase.
The region was just one of two that increased its share of them from the first half of 2011 to the first half of this year.
Out of the $175 billion in FDI into the U.S. in 2012, China, as the world's second-largest economy, accounted for a mere $4 billion of that amount. 
The difficulties faced by each country's investors in the other's economy have created significant friction between Washington and Beijing over the years. 
But you're starting to hear numbers at the high end in Manhattan, where a lot of Russian money and Chinese money is coming in.
The iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF is up 0.2% on the day, after falling slightly in the first minutes after the Fed taper announcement.
He has negotiated deals in recent months for the sale of practically the entire building to four or five investment companies.
He hid his misconduct by repeatedly lying to investors about the company’s assets until he lost control of the board and was terminated.
In June 2010, just after Mr. Zhu started at SAFE, about 45% of China's reserves, or $1.11 trillion, were invested in U.S. government bonds.
Investors have worried that weaker Chinese growth and a United States Federal Reserve that is pumping out fewer dollars will cause a global stumble in many developing nations.
China's Bohai Commodity Exchange hopes to increase its influence on the pricing of iron ore with a plan to make yuan-denominated contracts available to overseas investors.
The exchange wants to target Australian investors at the outset, and then gradually expand its reach to target investors in South America.
The success of this investment will likely help Wanda win approval for future acquisitions abroad, as well as access to credit at home.
Just minutes later, the dollar reversed most of its gains as investors realized the Fed's statement was not as greenback-friendly as it seemed.
Other investors say the Fed's emphasis on a prolonged low-rate environment will encourage them to dump the dollar and bet on higher-yielding currencies instead.
But he added that Peru would have to work harder to maintain growth and to attract investors as outside conditions changed.
Its successes include companies that have gone public, like HomeAway for vacation rentals and Silver Spring Networks for smart grid software.
Is it better to invest in someone who started a company in a mediocre year for returns and did well, or started one in a good year with mediocre results?
That is the strategy of Ironstone, a venture firm started by William R. Hambrecht, one of the pioneers of tech investing.
They are investing in more infrastructure in an attempt to win over more of the growing number of travelers in the region.
A favorable exchange rate and a drop in property prices are making real estate in France an attractive investment for foreigners.
The Japanese government can just do a few things to make global investors feel progress is being made with the restructuring efforts that Japan needs.
Still, the value of foreign investment in the U.S. exceeded the worth of U.S. assets abroad by $4.17 trillion at the end of the third quarter.
There's always been a lot of rhetoric around opening the country and increasing foreign investment and reform in the broad sense.
Investors have been bidding up prices for the initial public offerings of technology and social-media companies such as Twitter Inc. 
The law allows anyone to obtain a residence visa with the investment of a minimum of 500,000, or $680,000, in residential or commercial property. 
There are no national figures about how much real estate investment the so-called Golden Visa has generated in the past year. 
It is clear that investors see the arrangement as a relatively cheap way to buy access to the 28 E.U. countries and their open borders.
What does matter is that investors go to the trouble of asking and exploring these fundamental questions about bitcoin's inherent value.
Pacific Square Research, a market analysis firm argued that Alibaba did not disclose enough information about its large number of investments. 
It said that at times Alibaba used that web of investments to control companies like Cainiao without taking their losses onto its balance sheet.
Clearing more land stimulates economic activity in the short term and holds the long-term promise of being followed by major investments.
In complex times, you just shy away from that [type of debt] because you don't want to have that additional risk factor.
For now, Europe continues to show signs of recovery, which is stoking the appetite for risk and higher yields among European investors.
Analysts and investors expect Alibaba’s listing to be one of the biggest and most highly anticipated since Facebook raised $16 billion in May 2012.
Because of his strong local reputation, Mr. Luke said he had been given freedom by investors to run the company as he wanted.
It could gain from the Chinese government’s stated intention to shift from big government investment projects to a more consumer-driven economy.
Alibaba’s main pitch to investors  has been the enormous potential wealth. that can be made as more Chinese citizens log onto the Internet and shop for goods.
The recent Alibaba have a burst of activity, including a half-dozen investments in the United States over the past year or so.
Apple had not been any business fallout.
Their businesses depend on the global public’s collective belief.
Yahoo’s core business has been eroding.  
I have to put company's American business aside.
Their core business is challenged.
He is the company's managing director for Internet media.
That’s not because of its American operations.
Yahoo’s American core is worth only $10 a share.
The core business remains challenged.
You can pretty much forget about Yahoo’s core business.
I’m afraid business in this aspect has no future.
New services are smarter, faster and cheaper.
New services replace old industries.
What are the categories versus industries?
Mr. Gates help think through the repositioning of the business.
Apple is also expanding its operations in the region.
The company is trying to turn around its business. 
The California investigation is aimed at the mortgage business.
I would use existing organizations with proven track records.
The company operates in 67 countries.
GrabTaxi operates in Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia.
A government customs facility sits just outside the Foxconn factory.
The company is also changing some advertising practices.
Adam Mosseri is in charge of its News Feed. 
Uber operates in more than 200 cities around the world.
Companies pull back from cloud infrastructure.
Companies focus on what they’re good at.
Leica had a rough start crossing into digital.
But Samsung's smartphone business is still reliant on selling hardware.
It combines eBay and Amazon's business type.
These activities represent a tiny piece of Alibaba's overall business.
Nokia's mobile-device business will soon be bought by Microsoft.
They want to support its handset manufacturing operation.
Uber began offering its service in Los Angeles in March.
In more recent years, he has helped lead efforts.
Another company, amicrocredit small business lender is China Commercial Credit.
He is the international director at Jones Lang LaSalle Capital.
Furthermore, this is a year-round, consistent business. 
He has returned to Silicon Valley to develop his business.
They will someday lead to a more profitable business.
Google’s core business is the sale of ads.
The advertising business is changing under its feet.
It is trying to capture TV ad dollars.
Analysts say accepting the regulators’ recommendations influences Google’s business.
Andrew Hirst is a Asia operations manager at Mandarin Oriental.
Entrenched businesses are at stake. 
These are all well-functioning, mature businesses.
Many companies headquartered in the U.S. have substantial operations overseas.
Scott Forstall ran iOS at Apple until last year.
It said it makes a profit from smartphones.
He has never been in the media business. 
Nokia sells its high profile handset operations.
Nokia will be left with three primary businesses.
The revelations around NSA surveillance are hampering China business. 
Club Med has branched out internationally in recent decades.
Hon Hai has been diversifying its operations and client base.
The iPhone business is slowing.
Some of this activity is entirely innocent.
The tech industry worried about the future of online advertising.
Many business relations are also long-term relations.
It is a business with enormous complexities.
They are not as prevalent in the software business.
The company often called Alipay for its best-known business.
Alibaba split Alipay off from its main business in 2011.
Yahoo's core Internet advertising business has faced declining revenues.
He is the chief executive of Huawei's Ethiopian division.
ZTE's mainstay telecom-equipment business has been facing greater challenges recently.
We’re not in the gambling business on defense.
We plan to grow our business in this region.
At present, delivery businesses are underdeveloped in China.
Tencent has a hugely popular messaging service, WeChat.
It accounts for a small part of the company’s business.
They concentrate resources on more innovative, promising ones.
Alibaba.com is a Web site for business-to-business sales.
And having conquered richer coastal provinces, businesses are moving inland.
Mainframe business were gutted by competition from low-cost PC-style computing.
Thanks to the success of the mainstay businesses.
He has flagged ambitious plans to broaden into new areas.
71% expect business activity to increase this year. 
The losses in televisions have been mounting.
NTT Docomo began carrying iPhones for the first time.
Software sales charge the one-time fees for a long time.
It is a small recruitment and outsourcing firm in London.
We do all of our business online.
It has a disparate collection of businesses.
It includes railroads and Fruit of the Loom underwear.
Google has become distracted from its core web search business.
Google will encompass most of the company's Internet businesses.
The company sold its once-dominant mobile phone business to Microsoft.
Nokia now focuses almost entirely on its telecom infrastructure business.
The G.M. executive vice president oversees the company’s China business.
The company’s smartphone business relies heavily on China.
Business is shrinking.
Lenovo’s mobile business is growing rapidly.
He was a longtime deal maker.
He is a co-head of the firm’s European division.
The group’s general insurance business deteriorated.
Mr. Hester has sold businesses.
It's marketplace connects buyers and sellers.
Alibaba's cloud computing business is expanding.
It is a multibillion-dollar business.
Alibaba's focus seems to be on China's business.
Alibaba's cloud services business was founded in 2009.
Microsoft's purchase of nokia's mobile business constitutes a default.
Charters have gone away, just like gift-giving and banquets.
The company wants to more than double its presence there.
Scottish has significant exposure through several businesses.
We have to create standards and best practices.
It's really going to hurt U.S. company business.
Amazon's leap is into the smartphone business.
It includes a purchase of Nokia's mobile-phone business.
Craftsy is a start-up with online classes for crafts.
Amit Singhal is senior vice president for search at Google.
Aeronautical services are Inmarsat’s smallest, but fastest growing, business.
It prohibited loan officers from selecting appraisers.
It prohibited loan officers from communicating with appraisers.
Little is known about the details of the company's businesses.
Alibaba also has a 'cloud-computing' business.
Anbang further expanded the insurance activities in the Netherlands.
Mr. Chou's business is still growing.
We are ramping up the used-car business.
Mr. Chou wants to give the used-car business a boost.
The two companies are already allied in search.
Some companies are considering shifting more production overseas.
The company is considering giving more business to domestic suppliers.
More than 100 Chinese companies have a presence in Michigan.
This was particularly so with the iPhone. 
The company also has film and video-on-demand businesses.
Plans to grow in Asia remain firmly in place.
Our first year in business there was in 2011.
The company controls some of its operations in China.
Ernst Janovsky is the head of agribusiness for Absa.
Diamonds are central to our business.
That's a core part of our business. 
It affected a small part of the business. 
They try to win “an improper advantage” in obtaining business.
The government has also forced SAC to terminate its business.
The business of taking companies public soared.
The e-commerce operations are vast.
A deal for the unit could be announced on Thursday.
IBM restarted talks with interested parties recently.
It has lower margins than its software and services businesses.
Two companies will operate independent businesses in India.
That Wal-Mart kept the wholesale business for a long time.
Starbucks has spent 750 million dollars acquiring three new businesses.
They can keep the core business healthy and strong.
This further optimize our business in China.
Imax China is trying to build a home theater business.
It has its own component manufacturing business.
Revenue from contract manufacturing slows.
I have done business internationally for more than 30 years.
Over the years, the company has expanded into copper recycling.
The company continues to look closely at its business operations.
The inventory-based businesses have a philosophy of more control.
His business has halved so far this year. 
The calculation will include banks' off-balance-sheet business.
Cosco has said its operations were unaffected. 
The matter hit the shipping business of the company.
Peugeot's main problem is its faltering European operations.
The trading boom began in the early 1980s.
The trading roared back the next year.
Some energy firms are expanding operations in Africa.
Tracie Grella is global head of professional liability at A.I.G.
It's good to have diversification in your business. 
The second thing is no disruption to the business.
The two companies already have a business relationship.
Suntory is paying a rich price for its expansion. 
Lenovo Group buys International Business Machines' low-end server business.
Most of their services are now overlapping.
E-commerce is a much bigger business.
The company strengthens the entertainment and financial services businesses.
This outcome should send a strong message to any institution.
It is essential to doing business with international clients.
French financial officials questioned Mr. Lawsky about the dollar-clearing suspension.
At present, GM needs to strengthen its business in China.
Business is still expanding.
He did not break out details for revenue from mobile.
It halted withdrawals earlier this month.
Alibaba's most profitable businesses is the online payments unit Alipay.
His company's policy is against speaking publicly about business contacts.
Net interest margin is a gauge of lending profitability.
I'm concerned about NPLs in China.
The business has flourished. 
This is in terms of Facebook's core.
They add new functionality.
JD.com took over much of Tencent’s e-commerce operations.
Those information is useful to a company selling ads.
They want to shore up its Android mobile business.
We’re excited about the smartphone business.
The Google business is built on a wired model.
Regulators want to require bitcoin-related companies to meet anti-money-laundering rules.
Corporations outsource and cut back and downsize.
17 companies are listed, spanning insurance to cellphones to construction
Google acquired the handset business.
They are not interested in the hardware business.
Motorola has become a much smaller business under Google.
Google's core business has been strong enough to counter this.
Seth is the head of Asian credit at BlackRock Inc.
The bank sell its underperforming businesses in Turkey and Brazil.
HSBC is focusing on strategically important and profitable businesses.
The company's complex business could also discourage potential shareholders.
Alibaba launched its second main business.
Alibaba has a lot of business in Russia and Brazil.
It is a major player in liquefied natural gas.
The first is liquefied natural gas.
The sector is expected to grow in the region.
The second is deepwater drilling, most significantly for oil.
His business is working with developers.
He builds a growing business.
He is focused on developing business in China.
Their export business is bleak.
Google's European business has been involved in a long survey.
Many companies have very successful mobile business.
Bogomolova is director of development for the restaurant Tula.
What this mysterious company will do isn't clear.
Environment prevents Huawei from building any sizable business.
In the United States, Huawei has a significant phone business.
Hans Nijkamp is Shell's Iraq chief. 
Alipay has been trying to increase its international presence.
They curb speculative trading during two-day currency-policy meeting. 
The company now operates in eight cities.
OSI Group Inc starts to make supply since 2008.
The company's expansion in China will slow.
The company established its North American Automotive Operations in 1971.
The company consolidated U.S., Canadian, and Mexican operations.
The licenses the VIEs hold are critical to its business.
Michael Lee is Alibaba.com’s global marketing and business development director.
WH Group's China operation is based on Henan province.
That will allow them to conduct business as usual. 
Mr. Mahal is the head of G3 Asian credit trading.
It will help having someone to be in Asia. 
Tencent brings to the table its Tenpay online payment business.
Sotheby does a smaller business.
Huawei's main business is selling telecommunications equipment to carriers.
Richard Yu is the head of Huawei's consumer business group.
Its smartphone business is profitable.
The print businesses may come under more skeptical scrutiny.
He oversaw the British businesses.
He was elevated to run News Corp.'s international businesses. 
Murne is head of Asia-Pacific operations at Swift Payments.
Apple declined to comment on its Nevada operations.
An Apple spokesman declined to comment on the Luxembourg operations.
Apple declined to comment on its operations in Ireland.
Our culture, business models and systems are built to last.
The company cut ties this year with some small-scale suppliers.
The company currently loses money on its gas imports.
He is ZTE's head of mobile device business.
The bank's business is more balanced geographically.
It will not be enough to arrest China’s investment-led slowdown.
Chinese companies have been stepping up their global investment spree.
What is the outlook for China’s ODI?
Chinese corporate overseas investment is supported by the central government.
Fosun was building up global investment capacity.
The expected return on investment has fallen. 
Mexico attracted 165 investments in 2014. 
Investors have lost confidence. 
She looks for investors to help expand her business.
Investing on the Shanghai stock exchange is surely different. 
It will bring total spending to $5.5 billion.
There is no Jim Kramerovsky’s Mad Money in Russia.
The investment will create 250 jobs.
His partner, Joey McFarland, was a small-time investor from Kentucky.
Hollywood was curious about who was financing Red Granite.
Mr. Low had been introduced to them as the financier.
Red Granite’s financing became the subject of persistent questions.
And last summer, a new money man emerged.
Mohamed Ahmed Badawy al-Husseiny is chief executive of Aabar Investments.
Aabar Investments is an Abu Dhabi government-owned company.
He said there were other investors.
Aabar Investments had been a partner with Mr. Low.
His investment in Red Granite was personal money.
There is a rise in overseas investments.
The EU is massively invested in Greece. 
They remained fully committed to investing in the project.
He had formed an investment group.
Bringing in financial investors makes sense. 
The new money is interested in old masters.
We have to invest now. 
Its investors include Apple, Alibaba, and SoftBank. 
China Life offered $300 million as a long-term debt investment.
The reorganization was met with approval by investors and analysts.
Giants like Google are investing.
Smaller startups are also investing.
Apple’s investors closely watch first-weekend sales for the iPhone.
Microsoft will continue to invest with original equipment manufacturers.
Investors reflected to the blockbuster results fiercely.
The iPhone, Apple's flagship product, is closely watched by investors.
Investors had lowered expectations for the results in the quarter.
Google’s venture capital arm has a huge investment in Uber.
Investors have relied on Apple.
Investors may still someday see Apple as a growth stock.
The investment might have made sense for SoftBank.
Investors are betting David Li’s right.
Uber has raised more than $7 billion in venture capital.
Tencent, Alibaba and Rakuten are Lyft investors.
Investment in Internet Start-Ups appears to slow in China.
Venture capital investment fueling the growth of new start-ups.
He refer to venture capital firms.
Investors shouldn't take too much comfort.
Investment opportunities had been discussed. 
It has drawn many Chinese investors over the years. 
Finally, attracting foreign investments presents a serious challenge.
Beckham and Fuller had invested in the launch. 
Potential investors include Beijing-based Poly International Auction.
Mr. Liu and his investors held a substantial stake. 
Thecompany was managed by an investment firm.
1MDB only recently identified the name of investment firm. 
Experts disagree over the value of these pieces as investments.
The 68-year-old businessman made his fortune in finance.
He is the head of an investment company.
Investors loved these economies not wisely but too well.
That includes making lots of different investments in start-ups.
Alibaba is even investing in drone companies.
Meanwhile, public investment fell sharply.
Land-hungry investors created tighter connections across the bay.
I thought we would talk about money and investments.
Irregular electricity holds back investments in factories.
Even before the Fed’s move, global investors were fleeing.
An investor slipped his hand under her hair.
V.C.s are pattern matchers.
Ms. Herscher played the part of skeptical venture capitalist.
They would be interested in investing.
The firm typically invested only alongside a lead investor.
She had not told any investors that she was pregnant.
She told potential investors that Doxa was on pause. 
She had talked to more than 40 venture capitalists. 
venture capitalists were unlikely to provide financing.
CB Insights tracks private companies and investors. 
Venture capitalists are making fewer investments at lower valuations.
He is a mentorship and investment program for start-ups. 
They tend to finance people who have succeeded before.
Some investors are working to change this issue. 
Our portfolio looks more diverse.
Alibaba tries to shore up investors’ confidence.
Now the e-commerce giant is trying to reassure.
It had provided the measure at the request of investors.
The government is encouraging more investment in this industry.
I never made a withdrawal.
Her account with Mr. Madoff had grown to about $800,000.
The Madoff firm had collapsed and the money was gone.
I found myself invested in a terrible business. 
That approach had limits. 
How successful has the Buffett-Munger approach been? 
That is a diversified portfolio of stocks. 
Clearly, that’s been his approach.
Both little guys and investment professionals would do this.
The use of borrowed money can destroy the decent returns.
He makes their investment decisions sound like simplicity itself.
It counts Apple and other big names among its investors.
Masayoshi Son is the Japanese tech investor.
The money would essentially match its previous spending levels.
The investment expected a new American project.
The investment could create up to 50,000 jobs.
Mark Zuckerberg has a conference call with investors.
Investors would be patient.
But this structure makes Alibaba technically a foreign-invested entity.
Investors, meanwhile, celebrated like the recipients of a last-minute reprieve.
The Fed surprised many investors.
They turns the attention of investors to subsequent meetings.
That rippled into a wave of Australian investment.
Like leaders of major corporations, entrepreneurs and wealthy investors.
Then, just as quickly, investors’ hopes were dashed.
It only added to the concerns of private investors.
Wang Jing is an investor relations representative at Baofeng.
China’s property sector is a key contributor to overall investment.
A lot of people are looking to art for investment.
It is also attracting major new investments.
That bubble ended with investors losing most of their money.
That gives individual investors two legitimate choices.
Campbell Harvey has researched gold's role in a portfolio.
How should investors treat it?
Some family offices have made investments in bitcoins.
Investing Bitcoins has two outcomes.
Government spending doesn’t compete with private investment.
Beidou has attracted billions in investment.
The funds have begun hastily retreating from those investments.
More nimble, and fickle, bond investors stepped in.
a Mongolian bond deal gone bust does not spell disaster.
Investors moved money to traditional havens in times of uncertainty.
They relies on such technical indicators to make investment decisions.
Alibaba’s investment in Suning might alienate other retailers.
Now Kik has secured an investment from WeChat’s parent company.
The investment values Kik at $1 billion.
The investment of Tencent made us delighted.
Economists argue that investors behave irrationally. 
Tallinn is an investor in the Machine Intelligence Research Institute.
Individuals and investors are shifting their decisions.
Investors inflate stocks.
Investors inflate homes.
The business investment lags thanks to weak sales.
Instead, investment is low because of the economy’s weakness. 
It was less volatile than other investments.
He is the chief investment officer for Vilnius.
Investors were effectively paying Japan’s government to lend it money.
They want to stop panicked investors from fleeing.
This essentially means global investors are paying the Japanese government.
Please think of your other times as investments.
Chaebols invested in car-repair shops or convenience stores.
High incomes increasingly come from investment income, not salaries. 
He would tax investment capital. 
The company’s success has produced a gaping vulnerability for investors.
How safe are your investments, really?
What returns are you expecting from your investments?
Inflation makes returns look better than they really are.
It isn't hard to see why investors are optimistic.
Investors were reacting in part to the sell-off on Monday.
It would substantially reduce its investments in Germany.
It would invest in Asia and the U.S.
An investment in Germany was too risky。
Institutional investors own roughly half of the country's solar energy.
China organized large-scale purchases by government-linked brokerages and investment funds.
Donna Burke was an entrepreneur and investor.
She invested in two Fundrise projects.
These people may become readily available investors.
Institutions are just groupings of individuals.
Investors appeared less warm about the stock.
Fonterra’s investment in Sanlu was an early case.
The country’s investment-and-exports-driven growth model is looking exhausted.
Investment in American textiles has not only come from China.
They made complying investments in Australia.
The fund-raising was led by the Hong Kong-based All-Stars Investment.
Citadel has actively invested in China for 15 years.
They must venture into ever-riskier assets to extract returns.
These investments will juice up returns and potentially satisfy governments.
We have fine-tuned the portfolio following stress testing.
Reform--a perennial hope among Russia bulls--would help Russia.
Investors pour money into new bitcoin-related ventures.
A currency analyst issued a positive outlook for bitcoin investors.
Investors funded dozens of mine exploration projects around the world.
Residential fixed investment increased by 13.4 percent.
These investments can improve profitability.
That deal involved an investment of about $1.7 billion.
Innovation and investment pop commodity price bubble.
Laird R. Landmann agreed that central bankers were unnerving investors
The average domestic portfolio fell 7.8 percent, according to Morningstar.
For six years, investors have bought stocks after declines.
Cinda has huge investor backing.
Of those orders, $45 billion came from institutional investors.
incremental investment may not increase rapidly,Bhavya Sehgal said.
Investors can look beyond this noise,' Barclay's Mr. Bajoria said.
Helping those irresponsible homeowners are at the expense of investors.
The securities were bundled and sold to private investors.
Not all mortgage investors oppose the plan.
William Frey is an investor advocate.
Now, investors are losing faith. 
What is the degree of impact of foreign investors?
Professional institutional investors are more common. 
For now, investors like its chances.
The global economy is dangerous for investors these days.
PAG focuses mainly on investments in or related to Asia.
They account for an even larger share of financial investment.
The United Nations predicts a further decline this year.
The rest comes from American institutional investors.
It also invested in power plants in Indonesia.
Although Chinese investment in European companies is nothing new.
An opportunity to invest in an abandoned italian village.
Customers in these industries are postponing or stopping investments.
The phrase allows insurance companies to make overseas investments.
The Chinese government started encouraging insurance companies to invest overseas.
Investors were moving their money out of China.
The commodities giant BHP Billiton spent heavily for years.
She produces the Global Macro Investor.
That caters to hedge funds and other sophisticated investors.
Any discerning investor could have taken note of this trend.
The worst-performing investments in dollar terms were the following.
Investors were saying that what happened in Russia.
Investors in American stocks recognized too late in the game.
Changzhi expanded aggressively during the country’s long investment boom.
It was from private-equity firm Apax Partners.
The Fed’s decision is widely expected by investors.
Investments always follow the pace of GDP data.
One is the irrational mainland Chinese investor.
This theory blames a new generation of first-time investors.
The locals on the ground of China are better informed.
Investors in mainland China are not irrational.
Investors in mainland China know not to trust official information.
You want to capture China's growth in your portfolio.
Companies seek to evade taxes by “round-tripping”.
This is a sign of rising liquidity and investor confidence.
If you're not an experienced investor,stay away from day trading.
Ordinary Chinese investors are doubling down on stocks. 
Chinese investors appear to be making a counterintuitive bet.
This kind of investment can drive growth at dizzy speeds.
Most will fund construction or manufacturing investment. 
James Passin is a hedge fund manager at Firebird Management.
Mr. Passin is treading on murky investment territory.
He is redoubling his efforts there.
Mr. Passin’s North Korean investments may be his most contentious.
Mr. Passin’s investment also raises legal questions.
The investment might violate American sanctions against North Korea.
He said it at an investor seminar in September.
It in turn can help attract overseas investment.
Chinese invest in Queens real estate.
Now, the pool widens to include more upper-middle-class buyers.
Chinese investors overall diversify their bets.
They also want to invest it in New York.
Chinese people want new opportunities.
Uber was valued at about $40 billion by investors.
It is the second largest in venture history. 
Venture capitalists tend to think long term. 
That price represents a big return on Yahoo's investment.
U.S. investors are turning away. 
The investment-management giant is located in  Los Angeles. 
The pension-fund manager was one of the first investors.
Many investors gave up.
In 2001 alone, they pulled out 6% of their money.
Among investors, stage four never lasts long.
That is when you should get seriously interested.
The situation is putting ordinary investors in a difficult place.
Many of them invest in smaller companies.
People like me can’t just start investing in properties.
Many investors seem to lose their senses.
This further contributed to investor interest.
As droves of investors jumped on board.
It also reflects investor confidence in the ECB's governor.
Investors turned their money to assets they thought were safer.
Investors looking for security investment.
It prompts investors to seek safety.
It could end up protecting wealthy Chinese and foreign investors.
They were buying whatever stocks were rising fastest.
Shrinking Share of Overseas Cash Headed to U.S.
It is the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. 
It draw the lion’s share of global manufacturing investment. 
Didi also agreed to invest $1 billion into Uber Global.
It was Alibaba's investor day in recent days.
The model has led to wasteful and government-led investment.
Infrastructure investment is rising.
The firm has invested in some Chinese hedge funds.
Investors cheered the government's reform agenda.
Investors have fretted about a slowdown of China’s economy. 
Silver Lake has profited from its early bet on Alibaba.
The exodus of investors’ money accelerated last month.  
Topsy has raised more than $32 million from investors.
The funding is led by the investor.
The company invests $1.5 Billion to another one.
The investment involves a series of agreements.
The company is weighing a “huge” investment round. 
He plays by different rules from the typical tech investor.
He isn't as worried as typical tech investors. 
That would never do for venture capitalist firms. 
The money put into never pans out. 
Financiers put money into start-ups.
The aim of investment is to turn a profit.
$200 million from investors valued the company at $3.25 billion.
The company summoned investors to a luxury hotel。
Investors left grumbling that the profits was not enough.
Investments must keep the company ahead of the competition.
It was not enough to persuade some investors.
Investors shouldn't take a too short-term view. 
They improved their policy on investor.
These companies are looking for cross-border investment.
The company expects its investment will pay off. 
Investor reaction was muted. 
Nokia will have to invest heavily to challenge Ericsson.
Some may need more prodding.
Many investors are eagerly anticipating the offering.
Many U.S.-listed Chinese companies still face investor worries about transparency.
Unfortunately, Alibaba neglected to share this crucial information with investors.
Investors may not be so sanguine.
Brian Marshall is an analyst for International Strategy and Investment.
Gene Munster is an analyst for Piper Jaffray Investment Research
It calls for investing in these stocks 'on margin'.
Volatility is a common measure of a portfolio's risk. 
You decide not to follow the researchers' investment formula precisely.
This new study has important investment implications.
A smaller portfolio can profit from investing in stocks.
It is available to investors through their financial advisers. 
Son is known for his prescient investments in the past.
Son is a pioneer investor in U.S.based Yahoo.
SoftBank also invested in grocery-delivery service Webvan,.
Access to investors may give the edge to Stanford.
Many lived on inherited money, soundly invested.
Encourage to promote growth through investment.
The Europe invests billions of dollars in infrastructure.
Many investors skimp on the emergency fund.
Investors were second with 290 complaints. 
The support of state-owned investors is crucial for ant financial.
Some private investors also joined the first round of funding.
Investors continued to support Mr. Ma.
Investors sought the comparative safety of United States government bonds.
Some creditors, including U.S. investment firm franklin templeton, declined.
China's investors have also suffered another shock.
It can sell investment properties to raise money if needed.
But as Mr. Li invests in European utilities. 
What he said surprised investors.
They are purchasing for investment speculation. 
Yahoo invested $1 billion in Alibaba in 2005.
It includs in ShopRunner.
Alibaba also invested Lyft company.
Individual investors never got their hands on a Bowie bond.
Investors backed off for a while.
They are willing to take on more risk.
The deal follows a record year for Chinese outbound investment.
It advises large money management firms on global investment themes.
Dollar-based investors have less incentive to hold on to them.
Mr. Schwarzman is the private equity and investment giant. 
We’re now seeing the results of those investments.
Some investors disagreed it.
Alibaba invests $360 million in logistics deal with Haier.
It would invest around $360 million in the Haier Group.
The investment consists of several transactions.
It absconded with the investor funds.
He awarded the investors a put option.
Why business investment could break out?
They invest heavily in new equipment, software and buildings. 
A broader measure of business investment includes buildings and software.
The incentives to invest are there. 
Several things are pushing economists' forecasts for business spending higher.
Business investment perked up at the end of 2012.
The longer term trend has been away from heavy spending.
Yet investors offered to bankroll future projects. 
Investors like that idea.
The next move is up to activist investors.
Starboard Value is a Yahoo investor.
SpringOwl's investors have been publicly critical of Yahoo's management.
Other companies include private equity firms.
Yahoo's plan to spin off the shares to investors faltered.
CFIUS is an interagency body headed by the Treasury Department.
Investors should get out of the stock.
He is a equity adviser.
People are invested in a service.
Aileen Lee is the venture investor.
Bill Gurley is the prominent venture capitalist in Silicon Valley.
It can also examine the quality of a company’s investors.
In particular, investors are pouring money into service-oriented start-ups.
It shows how investors are betting on the skies.
Investors were burned by falling public tech stocks.
Investors were alarmed by stock market fluctuations.
Investors reined in their private company bets.
Mr. Gurley is a venture capitalist.
Benchmark has invested in Uber and Snapchat.
They will promise investors a certain return on their money.
The email seemed to ease the minds of some investors.
He fired off a vitriolic activist-investor letter.
The Chicago collector doesn't trade art in similar fashion.
Activist investors tend to thrive in volatile environments.
JPMorgan duped investors into buying troubled mortgage securities.
It caused roughly $22.5 billion in losses for investors.
The loans were ultimately pooled and sold to investors.
Nest had raised $180 million from investors.
Dropcam’s first investor was Mitch Kapor.
SolarCity has captured investors’ imaginations.
I would invest in education in communities around the world.
I would invest a billion dollars into machine-learning development.
I would invest in state-of-the-art mental health facilities.
Wall Street investors bid up the shares of companies.
He is the activist investor.
It raised funding from investors.
Esther Dyson is an investor in tech start-ups.
Christopher Michel is a photographer and investor with Nautilus Ventures.
Investors have bought into his vision.
Investors worry about the potential costs of hatching hardware startups.
It also invested $202 million to ShopRunner.
One of his inspirations for the investment strategy is Facebook.
That has attracted attention and funding from venture capitalists. 
He Spoke of the investors.
The data come from the research firm CB Insights.
It marched into financial services by offering investment products.
The company was using the platform for investor relations.
These flags should have alerted GBL’s bamboozled investors.
Bitcoin’s appeal to Chinese investors is manifold.
Our generation doesn't have enough money to invest in property.
Lightspeed China Partners invested $5 million in BTC China.
They cheated investors of their money. 
One investor was Xu Yuanda. 
It is one of Accel’s largest investments ever.
Accel is best known for its early investment in Facebook.
This year they have been investors' darlings. 
Investors appeared to forget all of that.
Investors who held on reaped a huge win.
Investors are far more confident now.
Investors look elsewhere.
Private consumption and investment is sluggish.
Infrastructure investment projects is high-profile.
These include investment plan as much as 2.2 trillion baht.
This would boost investor confidence.
This puts private investment plans in Thailand on hold.
Now, analysts say the investment binge may have been excessive.
The investment gains were broadly based.
Mining investment has enjoyed a decade-long boom.
Miners have slashed staff and mothballed projects. 
Moneymen from Tokyo blew into the United States.
Undaunted by Japan’s real estate misadventures in the 1980s.
Some Japanese investors wildly overpaid for United States property.
Beijing is eager to diversify its investments. 
Chinese firms and investors are also betting.
China’s direct overseas investment is immense.
Until now, foreign investors have been largely shut out.
Most of those meetings will go to the institutional investors.
Institutional investors are considered crucial to the offering’s success.
It is also the result of overseas investment.
Investors aren't interested in this kind of defensive vehicle. 
The venture capital requirements favor technology start-ups. 
Technology investors have been actively pushing for it.
Their funders are here, as are their initial customers. 
Real estate investors are looking for steady returns.
Investors appeared to agree with Mr. Bernanke.
We are completely invested in the fate of this company.
It has no interest in increasing its investment in Peugeot.
Investors shrugged off the Burberry news.
This indicator is a good measure of sentiment.
This time investors courted him. 
There are tax credits for investors.
In general, investment treaties prohibit favoritism for local investors.
Inveatment treaties can protect foreign investors from arbitrary treatment.
Inveatment treaties can provide for dispute resolution in international arbitration.
The theft often discourage American investment.
The U.S.-China investment treaty is one such initiative. 
The act potentially allows billions of dollars of cross-border investments.
Many mainland investors have accumulated a decent amount of wealth.
They lack investment alternatives.
Middle classes tend to be more investment-focused. 
The overseas buyers eager to have more channels. 
Demand by Chinese investors for overseas assets is slipping。
Chinese investors are still wary of investing in overseas stocks.
The 2008 financial crisis hurt many of the investments. 
Pinterest's investors value it at nearly $4 billion.
Look at how investors punished Groupon and Zynga. 
Private investors and employees are not the public at large.
The announcement this afternoon should appease investors.
British officials hope it will spur Chinese investment here.
Michael Burry was a doctor-turned-stock investor.
Famed investors invested in a record-setting utility-company buyout.
You are like many high-end investors are these days.
A rising-rate environment could spell concerns for investors. 
But we're now getting the business-investment side.
How do investors play that trend? 
And it's not investor dollars coming in. 
The crisis means that investors are extremely demanding.
They want to ensure the safety of their investment.
Investors seem to have gotten over their fear of tapering.
Candy is atop the coal, keeping investors jolly.
Investors take in stride.
Stock investors hone in on dovish Fed statement.
He embezzled $41 million from investors.
In recent years, investors have lost billions of dollars.
What came after confounded investors. 
Investors threw money at China Cinda asset management company.
Zhu Changhong manages the country's massive foreign-exchange reserves.
The agency doesn't disclose returns.
Investors fear that those economies could get hit.
It meets certain other capital investment and job requirements.
Beijing Pangu Investment Co. owns a distinctive-looking, dragon-shaped hotel.
Beijing Pangu Investment Co. owns office. 
The investment could make money.
It highly leveraged trading on margin by small investors. 
Some investors would hold it in the hope.
Polaris Venture Partners has invested $220 million in 18 businesses.
She is now a senior associate at Polaris Venture Partners.
They took a wild ride on a supersonic stock.
He just invested exclusively in diversified index funds.
This investment made roughly $30,000 in one week.
Investors should diversify emotionally as well as financially.
Mr. Rosner is a president of Vestar Capital Partners.
The industry is investment and technology intensive. 
It's all about investing in developing countries.
Western investors bail out.
This isn't an argument against investing in developing countries.
It is argument for doing it in the right way.
Western investors face a growing problem.
Stocks, bonds, REITs and farmland are increasingly moving together. 
Would computer algorithms have bankrolled David Packard or Steve Jobs?
Matt McIlwain is managing director of Madrona Venture Group.
They compete for investor attention with the government's measure.
He is now a venture capitalist in the Seattle area.
It could drum up investor interest in the offering.
He put money in and out of Alipay's investment fund.
For Yahoo investors, the exit beckons.
Beyond that, the filing was scant on details investors crave.
China’s move gives confidence to investors.
Investors applauded his renewed focus on growth.
It helped deliver huge gains to stock market investors.
It has also created a palpable nervousness among investors.
Many investors remain optimistic about prospects for euro zone indexes。
It is signaling investor unease.
The company’s near-term investments were mostly on schedule.
The quality of investment projects is not good.
They eat away at your investment returns in good years.
Your first investing goal is to beat inflation.
They are typically volatile investments.
Don't fret when it doesn't earn real interest.
He said Provence is a seasonal destination.
North Korea attracts foreign investment and increasing overseas trade.
North Korea has opened up some areas to foreign investment.
These rules will protect foreign investors.
The statements impose sudden sweeping contractual changes on foreign investors.
That ensures it remains a pariah for many investors.
DST Global invested in Alibaba in 2011.
The cash-only investors have been driving sales in many cities.
United Microelectronics Corporation invests in other chip companies.
For stock-market investors, 2013 has been quite a party.
The Federal Reserve has won over skeptical investors.
Bonds simply don't get investors.
Ablin is keeping stock exposure high in most client portfolios.
The investing backdrop makes Ablin nervous.
They made their investors look like geniuses
Foreign investors benefited from the surging U.S. stock market.
It potentially damped enthusiasm for inbound investments. 
Now investors must decide whether to buy the stock.
That could encourage artistry and entrepreneurial investment.
First-time home buyers are competing with investors.
Large investors are purchasing thousands of properties.
The investment can be a single transaction or multiple purchases.
They reached the minimum investment of 500,000 to gain residency.
It would be welcomed by private-equity investors.
KKR remains invested in Yageo through a 2007 minority investment.
Many have money invested in the stock market.
Taiwan's government is now more open to foreign investors.
If you are a strategic investor.
First, a home is a well-considered long-term purchase.
Nearly every day, Amazon announces a new venture.
William H. Janeway is an economist and venture capitalist. 
Investors were mollified and the company survived.
It becomes one of the first believers in Alibaba’s potential.
This investment has been phenomenally successful.
Its shares have also seesawed over investor concerns.
It's very difficult for Shiyan to attract investment.
They are high enough to whet the appetite of investors.
Investors are looking to diversify away from the dollar.
Investor confidence in Europe is continuing to improve and build.
Expect investors to discriminate.
It could fuel investor jitters and undermine growth prospects.
Alibaba’s success has also paid dividends for an investor.
Investors were impatient with Microsoft’s stagnant stock price.
The former British colony served Chinese corporates seeking global investors.
Treaties are protecting investors from expropriation by foreign governments.
Many developing countries are at a disadvantage in investment cases.
Developed countries are in the face of investment treaty claims.
Some of the most are popular among investors.
Investors cautiously stepped back. 
Goldman Sachs accidentally sent out a barrage of errant trades.
There is no transparency for investors at this point.
Over the past few years, investors have expressed their concerns.
Google Ventures is the venture capital arm.
British politicians are investing heavily in computer training for teenagers.
The trouble could spill over into the company’s performance.
Alibaba’s investment strategy is expected to follow this pattern.
We still need to invest in the branding.
Investors flocked to buy a piece of the company.
Most of them are collecting for investment purposes.
These works are perceived as a better investment.
Alibaba's investment would value the young company at $10 billion.
But the recent investments aren’t just about size.
This is distressing to some potential investors.
It makes them a poor place to hide cash.
Mr. Bernanke’s comments appeared to disappoint investors on Wall Street.
A BIT can strengthen the U.S.-China relationship as a whole.
A bilateral investment treaty would also establish clear investment criteria.
A treaty further encourages more Chinese investment in the U.S..
Tencent's serial acquisitions will eventually start to try investor patience.
JD.com is also making a minority investment in ZestFinance.
Other investors had no luck.
Gold, once a favorite of investors, slid to two-and-a-half-year lows.
Small investors are buying stocks again.
Investors lined up for a half-hour or more.
At least one potential buyer criticized the setup.
Gaw Capital Partners is a private-equity firm. 
The central bank typically sets a daily midpoint for the currency, allowing the renminbi to trade within a narrow band.
IG Index is a London-based spread betting firm which offering an unofficial market.
IG Index allows traders to place bets on the market capitalization of Alibaba.
Today, estimates went as high $255 billion, and there were 'five or six' trades placed at that level.
The firm says that as valuations topped $250 billion traders began to sell.
Despite an upside bias remaining in place, they have received ten closing trades.
IPOs, which have been suspended since November 2012, could re-start as early as January.
The new company will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Euronext Paris.
The executives said that they hoped the deal would be completed later this year or early next year.
David Jones, the chief executive of Havas,referred the deal as “an industrial merger in the digital age”.
Earlier this year, Arnaud Montebourg, scuttled a deal by Yahoo to take a 75 percent stake in DailyMotion.
Arnaud Montebourg insisted that Yahoo reduce its stake to 50 percent, causing Yahoo to walk away.
Initial public offerings set to resume soon after a 13-month hiatus.
On the first day of trading after the new guidelines were published the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index closed 0.6%.
He also caused shares in certain companies to go up by manipulating trades between the accounts of family members. 
Transactions become fraudulent if straw buyers misrepresent their intentions to dealers and auto-insurance companies.
The deal is done given the number of regulatory approvals required.
The company is expected to process $15 billion in transactions next year. 
The rusult is arrived at by applying valuations based on transaction volume.
Finland will have two strong technology companies that result from this deal.
Mobile accounted for 19.7% of total transactions on its e-commerce platforms in the fourth quarter of last year.
Mobile has been a blessing as it allows more users to shop for longer, driving volumes higher.
As a result, the number of Hong Kong real-estate transactions fell to a 23-year low last year.
The number of residential transactions declined 56% in 2013, according to government data.
While fewer transactions are being done in the overall housing market, sales of new apartments are on the rise.
Mr. Musk said at DealBook’s Opportunities for Tomorrow Conference on Tuesday.
The formula combines a heavy use of margin with stocks that tend to be much less risky than the market.
The exchange-traded fund that perhaps come closest to following the researchers' stock-picking methodology is iShares MSCI USA Quality Factor.
For a decade, the hedge-fund firm has been the target of a federal insider-trading probe. 
SAC pleaded guilty to insider trading and agreed to pay about $1.2 billion in penalties to resolve the charges. 
It followed by developments in a civil case brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Mr. Cohen.
The statement comes of the world’s largest exchange platform for the digital currency.
He explicitly stated that ordinary Chinese citizens retain the freedom to trade in Bitcoins.
This has given Bitcoin's status as a form of online trading.
This has also increased the volume of potential deals coming through SoftBank group offices.
The deal gives Tencent a particularly strong presence in mobile games.
The acquisition also represents the latest push into the fast-growing mobile gaming industry.
As the industry is regulated, there will be more transactions. 
Compared with any other time in history, more people can communicate with others and deal immediately at any time.
The company was interested and executives there reached a deal with Mr. Darabont.
Unless you’re staying in a posh destination, never assume that e-transactions will work.
No, particularly in Asia, there are really good deals to be had.   
The mapping division of the Finnish technology giant, in a deal that could be valued at up to $4 billion.
They have offered confidential information under the whistleblower program of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The agency set up the program in mid-2011 with hopes of eliciting dirt on corporate wrongdoers. 
Overall, the agency says that it is pleased with the quality of tips it gets.
While Qualcomm previously helped the Chinese company develop chips, the new deal involves far more advanced technology. 
Mark Hung pointed to the earlier deal with S.M.I.C. to make chips.
Jon Carvill, a Qualcomm spokesman, declined to provide any financial details about the deal.
The deal could put pressure on some of Qualcomm’s partners, like the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company.
The reality, however, is that defendants are involved in every aspect of the transaction.
The Japanese stock market fell 2.4 percent in the afternoon trad.
Dropped more gently than the mainland did on Monday, falling 2.7 percent in morning trading.
Depending on the price of the deal, Yahoo most likely will receive $10 billion to $15 billion.
When Alibaba begins trading as a public company, however, that crutch will disappear.
The European Fine Art Fair was held in the Dutch city of Maastricht.
It plans to host a high-end art and antiques fair in Beijing in 2014.
We've made subsequent acquisitions beyond McAfee in the area of security. 
It gives you a chance to cancel a transaction that didn't come from you or was a mistake. 
At launch, there's no way to see a history of your transactions.
Altogether, Alibaba has been said to account for four-fifths of online purchases in China.
In the United States, the Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating how Alibaba reports its Singles Day operating data.
Mr. Ma gave television interviews but allowed a group of merchants to ring the stock exchange bell.
The so-called Bowie bonds were among the first in what would become a wave of esoteric asset-backed securities deals.
The buyers in these deals tend to be specialized hedge funds or big institutions.
At the time it was a good deal for Mr. Bowie. 
They did a deal, as did James Brown and Rod Stewart. 
In 2002, DreamWorks SKG entered into a $1 billion deal involving its film catalog.
There was a steep drop off in deals backed by credit card loans
Deals backed by unusual assets make up about a tenth of the asset-backed security market.
There’s a nonanalytic aspect to these deals that makes them riskier.
The company will receive 70 million when the deal is completed.
Monday is their first day of trading after a lengthy winter holiday.
Besides the additional delay, many of Yahoo's contracts, will have to be renegotiated before the deal can proceed.
The deal calls for the two companies to set up a joint-venture logistics business.
Tmall hits a single-day global record of 35 billion renminbi on Nov. 11 this year.
The deal gives Tmall.com access to Goodaymart’s extensive network in China.
It also appointed a receiver to seize the company's assets to fulfill the transaction.
Yinlips said in U.S. government filings, it planned to trade on U.S. markets. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission revoked the U.S. registration of the company's securities last July.
If the deal is completed, do Samsung and Apple need to start looking over their shoulders? 
The deal could give Lenovo a better chance of eventually to challege the top two than other second-tier smartphone makers.
The deal also gives Lenovo what it described as a "strategic relationship" with Google. 
Then Renren took a backdoor listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, valuing the company at $1.5 billion.
They need to convince U.S. security agencies to bless the transaction.
That may potentially delay it for several months or even making it impossible to complete. 
The $2.3 billion deal would be the biggest-ever overseas tech acquisition by a Chinese company.
Government approval would include mitigation measures designed to protect U.S. national security.
IBM and Lenovo have both acknowledged internally that approval may not come easy.
The two parties wouldn't have moved ahead unless they believed the deal could pass.
Out of 114 CFIUS reviews, 23 were done with deals involving Chinese companies.
CFIUS did green-light Shuanghui International Holdings Ltd.'s $4.7 billion acquisition of pork processor Smithfield Foods Inc..
New CFIUS rules and concerns about security may make gaining approval harder.
They get an indication the committee will recommend against a deal.
President Obama prohibited one transaction over four wind farm project companies
Obama's order came after CFIUS recommended that the project be stopped.
Singles’ Day always can create the new record of one-day gross merchandise value on Tmall.com.
IBM's deal with M.D. Anderson last year is the largest Watson deal.
The Justice Department said Apple’s deal with the publishers left Amazon.com with no choice but to raise prices.
This online retailer’s two main shopping sites handled roughly $160 billion in merchandise.
Tencent is publicly traded and is worth more than $100 billion on the Hong Kong exchange.
Verizon Communications is moving forward with a $4.8 billion acquisition of Yahoo. 
Xu Zhipeng is a vice general manager of marketing at the Beijing International Copyright Trade Center.
Beijing International Copyright Trade Center co-founded the country's first financing platform to fund microfilms.
Tencent is worth literally $100 billion on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
It had violated the Securities and Exchange Commission’s fair disclosure regulations.
One reason is that the art being made and traded in the contemporary segment is still so new.
His fund settled insider-trading charges with the SEC less than two weeks.
Damien Hirst was one of the more heavily traded living artists before the recession.
A month later, however, JPMorgan agreed to a $296.9 million pact with the S.E.C. to resolve unrelated claims.
The sale of the Springer publications to the Funke MedienGruppe still requires approval from Germany’s antitrust authorities.
It does include goods briefly transiting Hong Kong in its trade figures with mainland China.
Chinese companies use Hong Kong heavily for exports but much less for imports.
It was unclear if any such transactions were actually completed. 
The person behind the recent scheme, a trader known on Twitter as Fontas.
Chinese authorities drew attention to the issue when they announced that they were barring Chinese banks from making Bitcoin transactions.
It noted that Bitcoin could become a major player in both e-commerce and money transfer.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has authority to regulate securities, like stocks, in the United States.
In the United States, that classification is likely to put Bitcoin under the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
China's central bank bans financial institutions from participating in bit-currency transactions.
In October, the American authorities arrested Ross Ulbricht, the alleged founder of the online marketplace Silk Road.
Some individuals have been caught up by faddishness or a speculative mentality in holding, using and trading in Bitcoins.
Bitcoins possess quite high speculative risks because of the relatively small market and 24-hour trading without curbs on market declines.
The grim outlook sent the company’s shares down more than 5 percent in after-hours trading.
Your credit cards are being traded on murky online bulletin boards.
It has been one of the most successful tech initial public offerings in recent years.
Last year, Alibaba handled more than $ 200 billion in merchandise.
Nokia engineers had been developing the Android phone before the deal.
Nine media companies, including NBC News and The New York Times, have agreed to the deal.
This is because of the general difficulties associated with any merger.
BTC China become the largest bitcoin exchange site in the world.
It has handled 34 percent of global bitcoin transactions over the previous seven days.
China’s citizens are unable to trade the renminbi as freely as people in other countries trade their own currencies.
By Monday evening, the value of a bitcoin unit soared past $700 on some exchanges.
They often do not use established financial institutions that report transactions.
Mr. Kalinin never penetrated the main servers supporting Nasdaq’s trading operations.
It is a report from the World Federation of Exchanges and an international group of regulators.
89 percent of the world’s exchanges said that hacking posed a “systemic risk” to global financial markets.
The trading firm Knight Capital and the Nasdaq and BATS stock exchanges have accidental technological mishaps.
The exchanges have been bolstering their defenses and their preparations for an assault on their computer systems. 
The exchanges and other financial firms responded to a simulated attack on the nation’s stock markets.
The attack on Nasdaq is far from the first time an exchange has been singled out by hackers. 
The survey is conducted for the World Federation of Exchanges report.
53 percent of all exchanges said they had experienced a cyberattack during the last year.
This year, the Prague Stock Exchange and several Czech banks were reportedly disabled for a brief time by an attack.
The public-facing Web sites of a number of American exchanges have been hacked. 
At the time, the exchange said the breach affected a single system. 
The servers the defendants attacked could have eventually provided an entryway to the more closely guarded trading systems.
In the last 30 days BTC  China averaged 64,000 bitcoin in daily trading volume.
The exchange accounted for more than one-third of volume world-wide according to industry tracker Bitcoinity.
It hit a record for the exchange of 7,395 yuan, or $1,214, on Dec. 1.
Trading volume on BTC China went up significantly after the exchange removed trading fees.
They alleged these three people had operated a bitcoin-trading platform called Global Bond Ltd.
This time, he bought $12,000 worth of bitcoin on the Japan-based exchange Mt. Gox.
There is a growing trend of big deals for smartphone-based games.
The all-cash deal is expected to close by the end of the year.
Other Chinese tech companies have used deals to reach players around the world.
Gross merchandise volume, a closely watched measure of the transactions on the company’s websites, rose 24 percent to $115 billion.
Alibaba’s shares jumped more than 5 percent in premarket trading in New York on Thursday.
Since then, a sagging Chinese economy and a slowdown in spending growth have showed on Alibaba’s platforms.
The amount spent on Alibaba’s marketplaces has grown about 20 percent this quarter and last.
By negotiating the deal, Comcast Chief Executive Brian Roberts ensures his dominance of the U.S. cable industry will be maintained.
But the transaction is expected to face a lengthy regulatory review.
Last year, Time Warner Cable approached Comcast about a deal, hoping to ward off Charter.
Until a week ago there were signs that Comcast was leaning toward striking a deal with Charter instead.
In the deal, Comcast would endorse Charter's bid in exchange for an agreement.
On Wednesday evening, Time Warner Cable's board met around 5 p.m. to discuss the deal.
Mr. Roberts said a deal document was signed at about 1:30 a.m. Thursday.
In the deal, Time Warner Cable shareholders will swap each share for 2.875 Comcast shares.
Valued the company at $158.82 per share, based on Comcast's closing price Wednesday.
Comcast expects the deal to add to earnings in the first year it is completed.
News of the deal comes just a couple of days after Charter ratcheted up the pressure on Time Warner Cable.
We will continue to be disciplined in this and any other M&A activity we pursue.
Comcast hopes to convince regulators that because cable companies don't compete, their deal should go through.
The companies added that the deal does not include a breakup fee, should the acquisition not close.
The Justice Department hasn't been shy about bringing antitrust enforcement actions against would-be mergers that it believes will harm competition.
Last year, the department's antitrust chief, Bill Baer, challenged major mergers in the beer and airline industries.
Both cases ultimately settled and the deals were allowed to proceed after the companies made several concessions.
Recent events may give Comcast a better shot at securing regulatory approval.
Comcast agreed to a wide range of conditions as part of that deal.
The FCC could force Comcast to agree to extend its net neutrality agreement as part of any review.
Many of Europe’s cellphone carriers lobbied hard for the region’s antitrust regulators to review the deal.
The deal values DJI, which is based in Shenzen, China, at about $8 billion.
It is according to one person briefed on the deal who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Shares of the Autohome opened on the NYSE under the ticker ATHM.
China was once a major source of new listings for the major U.S. exchanges.
Several big deals in New York City have set real estate circles abuzz. 
Some purchases have been relatively small by the standards of commercial real estate.
China is emerging as a powerful force in financing other players’ deals. 
The Shanghai Stock Exchange is unaware of when a landmark trading scheme with the exchange in Hong Kong will launch.
The two bourses had already “done their jobs” for the project to take off.
He hoped trading would begin in the not too distant future.
Alibaba would then begin trading the next day on the New York Stock Exchange.
Deal making in Asia is unlikely to come to a halt soon.
Recent share-price declines aren't likely to affect the pace of activity.
Tencent and Alibaba did a flurry of smaller deals between them.
In particular Alibaba is going to have so much cash from the IPO to do deals with.
The biggest deal of the first quarter was done in Japan.
This is the largest transaction of office land in the United States.
Many office buildings have traded hands and there are few left.
Many traders sold in anticipation of a dip and then quickly bought back. 
Traders read this "buying on dips" as a sign that prices will rally later. 
Many traders deem the 200-day moving average to be a simple and effective charting tool.
Such multibillion-dollar purchases of U.S. companies by Asian corporations hadn't been seen. 
In the SoftBank deal, Sprint received cash to help it compete with bigger rivals in the U.S.
The deal will vault Suntory to the world's sixth-largest spirits company by volume from 25th.
Shuanghui's purchase gave it a well-respected brand that Shuanghui can take home to China.
The SoftBank deal still would be the biggest after adjusting for inflation.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index rose 1.7 percent by the end of the trading day. 
Importantly, interest rates on benchmark bonds ended the day roughly where they started.
Activity in the middle and top ends of the market had petered out.
He is aware that dealings between Washington and Beijing can sour for innumerable reasons.
He would leave Mojang after the closing of the deal which is expected late this year.
He is expected to make nearly $1.8 billion from the deal.
Shareholders sent the stock up 8 percent in after-hours trading on Thursday.
Such a deal would also require the acquiescence of General Motors.
The co-ops lost and for a period were required to allot a portion of available apartments to blacks and Latinos.
Today, according to New York Stock Exchange data, the comparable rate is 60%.
It now moves $30 million to $50 million in transactions a month.
The deal will probably be the best thing to Hong Kong's asset management industry.
The initial quota for London trades will be set at 80 billion renminbi.
The agreement paved the way for London to become a Western hub for trading of the renminbi.
Britain accounts for 62 percent of global renminbi trading outside of China. 
Other traders couldn't find a good way to short subprime mortgages. 
Perhaps it is as part of a deal to slow future spending growth. 
The number of exhibitors dropped in the spring but rebounded in the autumn.
BYD is also pursuing deals to supply electric shuttle buses to rental car agencies and Silicon Valley technology companies.
That can be frustrating for buyers, but convincing banks that values have risen can be tough when they’re looking backward.
He said then that not all of these deals have been completed.
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday accused the former chief executive and chairman of an American-listed Chinese education company.
In Hong Kong pay between 1.5% and 3% of the deal's size as fees to underwriters. 
This is partly driven by a massive IPO huge offerings from Chinese banking. 
The low valuation and weak reception were in contrast to the second-biggest IPO of the year.
Chinese banks are served as underwriters in the recent IPOs. 
Zhu Changhong is a former star bond trader in the U.S.
The New Jersey program also seems to encourage an exchange of tax credits among companies.
The emerging-market currencies that have fallen most in the past few days.
In Canada, payroll management firm already has partnered with Canadian virtual exchange to integrate bitcoin options into its services. 
Exchanges and brokers have struggled to establish solid relationships with traditional banks.
But the latest effort to capitalize on the internationalization of the Chinese currency faces daunting hurdles. 
The exchange's Vice General Manager Zheng Yu recently told it to the Wall Street Journal. 
This will position Australian miners, for example, to trade directly with buyers such as Chinese steel mills. 
Even the Bohai exchange's Mr. Zheng recognizes that the new contract faces a significant hurdle in becoming a global benchmark.
Bitcoin exchanges in China are trying to maneuver around tight rules imposed by the central bank.
Chinese exchanges are trying a new tack to survive the central bank's rules.
Bobby Lee was the CEO of Shanghai-based bitcoin exchange site BTC China. 
As the price jumped fourfold in November, BTC China accounted for more than one-third of trading volumes globally. 
As of Wednesday evening in China, the price on the site was 4,945 yuan. 
This past weekend it introduced a small commission for traders to draw users to the site. 
Two other Chinese exchanges are allowing users to make payments directly to bank accounts.
The exchange, founded last June, hopes to turn profitable this year. 
Given the discouraging tone of the central bank, businesses such as Alibaba's Taobao are taking pre-emptive measures. 
The value of the renminbi is set by the central bank at the start of each day’s trading in Shanghai.
He had kept the options trade a secret from his wife.
Decades earlier, as a young professor at the California Institute of Technology, Mr. Miller had become addicted to options trading.
In this trading, even small price movements can produce big gains or losses.
Mr. Miller then made a written commitment never to trade options again.
State banks including China Development Bank and Export-Import Bank of China provided funding for the deal.
Making a high-profile overseas deal boosts the standing of private Chinese companies in other ways, as well.
Private companies that have done deals report higher interest from job seekers.
Losing lots of money on a deal, either by overpaying or bad execution, would be embarrassing.
It is about the implications of his company’s deal for food safety and United States employment.
Mr. Pope responded that the deal was intended to address the rising demand for meat in China.
32,000 Nokia employees will join Microsoft as a result of the all-cash deal.
A megadeal is something that pundits and analysts have speculated about for years.
The megadeal between Nokia and Microsoft of the sort might be announced Monday night. 
She believes the deal could help the companies respond more quickly to the dynamism of the mobile market.
The Nokia deal echoes Google's $12.5 billion deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.
Mr. Elop plans to join Microsoft after the deal is closed.
The deal is expected to happen in the first quarter of 2014.
Mr. Ballmer's conversations with Nokia about an acquisition heated up in the last several months.
For Microsoft, there is also an attractive financial dimension to the deal. 
Microsoft can use a portion of its foreign-held cash to pay for the acquisition.
In the semiconductor industry, China has in some cases used acquisitions to try to narrow the technology gap. 
Earlier this month, it struck a deal to acquire RDA Microelectronics Inc..
The problems include very high trading costs, poor corporate governance, and political and economic risks.
After the revised offer, Club Med shares rose 2 percent, to 17.66 euros, in morning trading in Paris on Tuesday.
Regulators are struggling to keep track of the ways banks move risky deals off their balance sheets. 
The benchmark seven day reverse repurchase agreements first transaction reported a 5.55% interest rate.
At Tuesday's close, the weighted average interest rate for the seven day reverse repo was hovering around 6.4%.
China's central bank order payment processors in the country to stop working with bitcoin exchanges.
The Chinese government simply wants to tap the brakes on a phenomenon that caught it off guard.
But at the same time as the deal was signed, the pattern of natural resources is changing.
The boom in natural resources over the past 10 years has defined the prospect of the deal.
China began to look at overseas resource transactions in a more critical way.
According to the filing, Alipay processed $519 billion of payments in 2013.
It means more than half of Alipay's transactions are for sites or exchanges outside Alibaba.
She pays a 1% fee to Alipay for every transaction paid by credit card.
There are about 30% to 40% of her transactions who paid by credit card.
The company had 231 million active buyers and sales of $248 billion across its three retail sites in 2013.
Mr. Ackman told reporter that he is the buyer of the 13,500-square-foot condo with an estimated price of $90 million.
For example, in futures markets there are traders whom you might want to write off as speculators.
It is unlike a typical private equity deal or hedge fund.
It is pretty transparent what is going on here, if one takes his comments to The Times at face value.
They are the first batch of deals to be approved since Nov. 30.
The Class A stock, which is publicly traded, rose about 86 percent in 2013.
If I can get this deal with The New York Times, I will be able to bring more positive images.
It is raising US$3 billion in Hong Kong to become Hong Kong's biggest IPO this year.
JPMorgan Chase also called the deal a positive for the company.
The deal was funded with loans from the Export-Import Bank and China Development Bank.
Mr. Cordiez said in the event of problems, a lawyer can cancel a sale or reclaim a deposit.
Zhang Zhirong was involved in an insider trading case in the United States last year.
A privatization bid would be an opportunistic play by Zhang Zhirong.
Company agreed to pay $14 million to settle insider trading charges brought by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
Mr. Ma founded Alibaba in 1999 as a platform for businesses to trade products like circuit breakers and hydraulic cylinders.
Tokyo shares finished at their highest closing level in six years on the last day of trading this year.
Players could lock in a zero tax rate for their accounts starting on Dec. 26.
March Nikkei 225 futures closed up 120 points, or 0.7%, at 16320 on the Osaka Securities Exchange.
The value of inbound deals has stagnated in recent years. 
A just-ended moratorium on initial public offerings made it harder to determine exactly what Chinese companies were worth. 
Acquisitions of companies in the Internet, media, telecommunications or financial-services sectors are subject to a tougher review. 
Clearing the antitrust regulatory hurdle takes two or three months, sometimes longer. 
Nestle SA's 2011 acquisition of China's Yinlu Foods Group took seven months to complete following the deal's announcement. 
There's only so much you can stuff through a small pipe and it's a small pipe--relative to industrialized nations.
China's outbound M&A hit a record $68.7 billion last year, an increase of 31%.
The number of inbound deals has declined sharply in the past two years--from 831 to 540 last year.
Problems in the domestic equities market are also to blame. 
The shutdown of the IPO market has really caused the prolonged valuation gaps that have existed between buyers and sellers.
Memories of deals gone awry in recent years have also hurt sentiment. 
The surprises that have surfaced post-acquisition have left a bad taste in people's mouths.
China has introduced a number of new regulations in the past few years that have hindered inbound deal activity.
They collect all transaction taxes and fees owed to the government. 
Notary fees and transaction taxes together are typically about 7 percent of the sales price.
In 2013, roughly $248 billion of merchandise moved through its sites.
That's one-third more than the combined transaction volume on Amazon.com Inc. and eBay Inc..
Tencent Holdings is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with a market capitalization of $150 billion.
In Miami, 65 percent of homes sold were for cash deals, compared with 16 percent six years ago.
Over the same period, the median price over all increased to $410,000, up $85,000. 
A year ago, people didn't want a deal, they wanted a steal.
We succeed to complish 20 sales to Chinese buyers wanting visas.
Mr. Schneiderman has subpoenaed Airbnb for transaction information on many of its New York users.
Over the past 10 years, about 9,000 deals have been done in China.
It will likely boost deal flow as private-equity players see a clear exit path.
In Greater China, there have been signs of enthusiasm for new deals.
Smaller companies that trade on the ChiNext would feel the biggest drag.
This would have been the biggest-ever takeover of a Taiwanese company.
Carlyle and ASE said the deal fell through, citing a disagreement on price.
The regulator could still cite concerns about the rights of minority shareholders in rejecting deals.
The supermarket is considering selling itself in a deal that could command $3 billion to $4 billion.
There can be no assurances that the process will result in any transaction being announced or completed.
They can use their knowledge of consumer behavior to steer a market participant toward (or away from) a sale.
What may surprise participants in the real estate market is that their agents often empathize with them.
Even at their smoothest, residential real estate closings are not for the faint of heart. 
When the deal was struck, both sides were in a state of euphoria.
Theseller, Chuck Mintzer, dutifully compiled a short list of excluded items but neglected to add Lady Liberty. 
After berating her husband for his insensitivity, she threatened to halt the sale. 
The trouble was, neither party would accept a replica of the replica. 
We refer to it at the office as "Post-Traumatic Deal Syndrome". 
There is something psychological that goes on at closings where people feel they’ve got to get something extra.
The trouble began when the seller, a daughter who was handling the details on behalf of her ailing father.
Oon the eve of a closing, even a humble medicine cabinet can become the locus of a nasty dispute.
After a few tense weeks, the mantel was restored and the closing took place. 
Regardless of their size, structure or ownership, it is including the estimated 8,000 corporations listed on three national stock exchanges.
Bitcoin has great potential as a highly secure, low-cost vehicle for electronic transactions in competition with credit cards.
It is allowing it to set the standard for digital currency transactions.
It isn't does not hinge solely on whether bitcoin can become a big player in commercial transactions.
Montreal has seen the volume of home sales slip in the last year.
Notarial law is much like that of France governs real estate sales.
The deal will make him one of the biggest players in Hong Kong’s small but lucrative mobile sector.
This transaction  also enable us to provide better service to customers of both HKT and CSLNW.
The companies said Reid Hoffman, a founder of LinkedIn and its controlling shareholder, had approved the deal.
The company said the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating how Alibaba accounts for affiliated companies.
Alibaba said it had provided the commission with information about how it reported data from that event.
Asked for comment, an Alibaba spokeswoman reiterated the company’s statement to the commission.
That is exactly the kind of robust and transparent information that will address the underlying issues in the S.E.C.’s inquiry.
The Pacific Square report also described instances that showed Alibaba did not disclose related-party transactions. 
The biggest Internet takeover to date in China has already sharpened a rivalry among the country’s digital powerhouses.
It signed a deal last week to buy an operator of mobile application stores.
It did not permit credit card transactions in the local currency until a year later.
Traders said that Japan has been among the avid buyers of Treasury debt in recent weeks.
Some bond traders said the 10-year yield near 3% has lured in Japanese buyers.
Twitter’s forthcoming public offering is already one of Wall Street’s most anticipated deals.
But the rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange prohibit dual classes of stock.
Banks have brought in their most senior deal makers to help make their case.
He founded Alibaba.com in 1999 as a platform for businesses to trade products with others.
Analysts now reckon that Taobao commands as much as 90 percent of consumer-to-consumer sales in China.
Charles Li is the chief executive of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing.
It is a substantial blow for the Hong Kong stock exchange.
The $15 billion would be a huge win for any stock exchange.
A proposed $745 million tie-up between Wumart Stores and C.P. Lotus has fallen apart.
The deal would give Wumart an immediate entry into important geographic regions such as eastern China.
The failure of Wumart and C.P. Lotus to execute their deal was a rare miss for Mr. Dhanin. 
People familiar with the potential deal said it would likely total more than US$5 billion. 
Charles Li is the chief executive of Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd..
HK Ex has made a strong start to the year. 
HK Ex attracted a string of high profile new share offerings.
A series of deals will help relieve some pressure on Li. 
The halt was prompted by a problem with the data system.
Their persistence has been blamed on the complexity of the trading technology and the fragmentation of the market itself.
The Securities and Exchange Commission, an immediate challenge for the regulatory agency oversees the stock markets.
We should ddress technological vulnerabilities of exchanges and other market participants.
The unexpected inability to trade particular stocks disrupted complicated trading strategies.
The volume of trading in stocks listed on the Nasdaq exchange fell 34 percent.
Arthur Levitt is the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Nasdaq executives joined an open phone call with other exchanges and regulators.
Jonathan Corpina is a stock trader at Meridian Equity Partners on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
AS a six-year-old start-up, Grindr will have a deal which values at $155 million.
A proposed transaction has stirred concerns in Germany about Chinese purchases of the country’s industrial skills.
The deal has encountered resistance in Germany, where politicians wanted Kuka to remain an independent German brand.
The deal highlights China’s interest both in German companies as acquisition targets and in the machinery sector. 
If completed, the deal would show the growing might of China’s online behemoths. 
A deal for Supercell would be the biggest takeover by China’s so-called BAT trio of Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent.
Like nearly all of the most lucrative mobile apps today, they generate revenue through microtransactions.
If other beleaguered tech companies think that Tencent will pay such handsome sums, more transactions may be coming out.
The transaction is more expensive than any big internet purchase paid with cash.
Monday’s deal wasn’t the only richly valued technology takeover in recent days. 
No one wants to consummate the last big deal before a sector collapses.
If that sort of transaction starts happening too often, the coconut flour is going to go stale in Amazon’s warehouses.
How knowingly they make those trades is certainly open to debate.
Apple did not track the payment information, including how much the purchase cost or where the purchase was made. 
Mobile phones also account for about 62 percent of the total transactions on its e-commerce sites.
Apple disclosed in data embedded in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing on Monday.
More than 50 companies make up this group, the so-called Merchant Customer Exchange or MCX.
Let merchants avoid the high fees they pay when processing credit card transactions.
They are required high fees to pay on each credit transaction.
Merchants scan the type of bar code to complete the transaction. 
Alibaba did not claim the title of biggest initial public offering.
But Alibaba will still lay claim to having held one of the biggest stock sales on record.
Alibaba begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Shanghai’s Composite Index of Shares has lost more than 35 percent of its value.
Auction houses do not always note these failed transactions, as was the case with Poly. 
It aims to controls weapons traffic with Iran, Syria and North Korea.
It is in the house’s interest to obscure the problem by treating the defaults as sales. 
only 34 percent of the sales Poly reported for works were actually completed by May of the following year.
It plan to sell shares in its cultural division on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in the near future.
Alibaba is expected to begin trading in September at a market value of perhaps $200 billion.
It included more than 700,000 square feet of printing plants and warehouses and more than 60 acres of developable land.
Jason Fox is a managing director at W. P. Carey who worked on the deal.
In 2009, the local government in neighboring Henan province was forced to halt a $38 million domestic merger.
It is according to IBM Digital Analytics Benchmark, which tracks transactions at 800 U.S. retail sites.
Goldman continues its reign as one of the top banking and trading firms.
The news sent shares of RSA down 21.7 percent to 399 pence in early trading in London.
Zurich’s due diligence review had not found anything that would have prevented them from proceeding with the transaction.
This doesn't mean these deals are all worth the price. 
The new deal Tencent's fifth major acquisition so far this year.
City officials had ‘‘worked tirelessly with Dalian Wanda Group to secure this cracking deal.’
Puji Capital served as financial adviser to Dalian Wanda on the Sunseeker acquisition.
It includes where they live and other nuggets of information in the sales data.
The purchases are made during the midday lunchtime from an office computer.
It handled a $5.8 billion deal on China's busiest shopping day.
Microsoft denied that the deal was a violation of previous agreements with Samsung.
The deal comes at a time of anxiety in the Japanese newspaper industry. 
Instead, it paid almost a 60 percent discount to Citic 21N’s trading price only 10 days before. 
Recent reports are that the exchange is considering a public debate on whether to keep these rules.
Alibaba’s acquisition was structured in a manner as if it were intended to incite speculation.
When the purchase clears Chinese regulatory authorities, Yunfeng will own 16.2 percent and Alibaba 38.1 percent of Citic 21CN.
When the transaction was announced, Alibaba did not explain why it acquired this stake with Yunfeng.
When I asked for comment, a representative of Alibaba directed me to the initial news release announcing the transaction.
But the private equity firm will still benefit from the deal.
Alibaba may also be prone to be more open about its dealings once it has public shareholders. 
The 'bubble talk' flared up even more after Twitter started trading on Nov. 7.
In mid-March, China's central bank widened the band within which it allows the yuan to trade.
The action was to prepare the tightly tethered yuan for wider trading.
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew has welcomed China's moves to widen the yuan's trading band.
Topics of the queries included the many deals that Alibaba has struck this year.
The shares of the company are expected to begin trading on Sept. 19. 
An amended prospectus on Friday revealed just how big Alibaba will be once it is traded publicly.
It is responsible for making sure that the early trading after the I.P.O. goes well.
The exchange-traded fund usually tracks a basket of stocks or a commodity, but in this case would hold only bitcoins.
Moriarty played a leading role in the creation of the first exchange-traded fund and popular gold- and silver-backed E.T.F.’s.
Ugo Egbunike is a senior specialist in exchange-traded funds at the data company Index Universe.
The value of bitcoins is determined by the value that various market participants place on bitcoins through their transactions.
On online marketplaces require substantial technological savvy and are far more complicated than traditional exchanges.
An exchange-traded fund would make it significantly easier to gain exposure to bitcoins.
Regulated trading desks would have to handle the daily buying and selling of the shares.
The Tokyo-based Mt.Gox is the largest place to buy and sell the bitcoins.
It’s more democratic than an art dealer saying I value this at ￡1 million.
Its sales were $6.6 billion, about 1 percent less than in 2014.
Right Capital provides loans secured by art to dealers and collectors.
There aren’t so many Russians and Brazilians involved in art trading.
An examination of Christie’s results reveals key shifts in the market in 2015.
Markets in New York for trophy works by artists like Picasso and Modigliani bolstered a huge one-off prices.
Sales of postwar and contemporary art were down 14 percent to ￡1.5 billion.
Compared with 75 last February, auction grossed ￡186.4 million against a low estimate of ￡139.2 million.
Neither the total value of the deal nor the unit price was disclosed.
The bank had planned to eliminate the trading corridors by the end of the year.
The gas deal is the latest example of the Kremlin’s deft use of pipeline politics.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Holding Group continued its streak of deals yesterday. 
What’s going on in China’s Internet sector now with all these big deals? 
I just saw a customer walking around with a copy of Donald Trump’s “The Art of the Deal.”
China is on the hunt for strategic resource deals to provide for the long-term security of its huge population.
The transaction, announced Wednesday, would be the largest acquisition of a foreign company by a Chinese business.
The transaction would be the latest in a string of deals by the company, known as ChemChina.
It also would be the biggest cross-border deal involving an Asia-Pacific company, according to data from Dealogic.
The all-cash deal requires at least two-thirds of Syngenta’s shareholders to agree to sell their stock to ChemChina.
Syngenta’s share price jumped more than 6 percent in early trading in Zurich on Wednesday after the announcement.
The deal comes as China grapples with its long-held resistance to genetically modified crops.
With this transaction, Syngenta will be able to get an ambitious shareholder.
The ChemChina deal will still probably face significant regulatory scrutiny, particularly in Europe and the United States.
Its structure offers Syngenta a degree of independence that was unlikely in a deal with Monsanto.
The question remains whether regulators will block the deal, particularly in the United States.
The committee raised “unforeseen concerns” in October about a similar deal in which Philips, the Dutch electronics giant.
The Syngenta deal would mark the latest foreign transaction by ChemChina.
The billionaire trader known for big currency bets, George Soros, questioned Chinese policies.
Glafira Rosales was the former Long Island dealer who, for 15 years, consigned fakes to Knoedler.
She was bargaining that the gallery’s reputation and the traditional opacity of art market transactions would mask the fraud.
Many prospective I.P.O.s began to falter as well, sending indexes like the Nasdaq down sharply on some days.
The London Metal Exchange's three-month nickel contract is up about 23% this year.
The three-month contract on the London Metal Exchange was at $17,185 a metric ton.
Around 95% of Citi's customer transactions in Asia now happen outside branches.
It did not claim the title of biggest initial public offering ever.
Alibaba will still lay claim to having held one of the biggest stock sales on record.
It begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
It could be more of a boon for its domestic bourses. 
They did not break the law by disclosing information not included in their public stock exchange filings.
Where the regulator vets deals individually, to a disclosure-based system similar to that in the United States. 
In the past decade, Chinese deal-making on foreign shores had taken on a distinctly mercantilist hue.
Private Chinese companies accounting for 59 percent of total transaction value.
In 2013, the value of deals by Chinese companies in the United States doubled, to $14 billion. 
And private buyers again increased their influence, accounting for 87 percent of transactions by volume and 76 percent by value.
Club Med has already opened its second property in China since that deal was completed ― a two-hotel resort.
And the $221 million takeover in May of Alma Lasers, an Israeli medical equipment manufacturer.
The deal for Caixa Seguros moved it closer to Mr. Buffett’s model.
Alibaba's taobao and tmall sites reached $240 billion in combined transaction volume last year.
By way of contrast, ebay posted $76.5 billion last year in so-called 'gross merchandise volume' excluding vehicles.
Ipo documents are typically light on management predictions about future deal making.
Wells Fargo Advisors began in February to buy copper, zinc and aluminum on dips via an exchange-traded fund.
Chen Wei, a Shanghai-based commodities trader, expects copper prices to pick up in the second half.
It was one of the biggest resources deals by a Chinese company in years.
The deal is expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year.
The two financial centers battle with London to become the leading European offshore yuan-trading city.
French authorities have openly pushed for Paris to become a center for yuan transactions.
The yuan can now be exchanged directly for British pounds in Shanghai's foreign-exchange market.
They sell them on China's popular used-car bazaars or through other private channels.
The company's shares rose 2.3 percent in premarket trading on the results.
Analysts have been cheered by the quick growth in the percentage of Alibaba's transactions carried out on smartphones.
Deal sizes may be smaller, but Deal activity has been equally robust.
The value of mergers and acquisitions in Asia-Pacific has shot past $200 billion year-to-date for the first time on record.
Dealogic values the Citic deal based on the change in Citic Group's ownership of Citic Pacific.
Citi ranks third among M&A advisors by deal volume so far this year.
Deal activity has been spread across the region and a range of sectors.
The top 10 list includes deals from Australia to China, India to Hong Kong.
The deal was to be voided and the $1.9 million deposit returned.
So for you to talk about this deal you would have to ask Kabul for permission.
They have agreed to pay a combined $2 million as part of a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Though the company does operate an international retail marketplace, called AliExpress, the bulk of its international revenue comes from Alibaba.com.
Jack Ma's first company, Aibaba.com links buyers in the U.S. with sellers in China.
Alibaba.com posted revenue of just $467 million in the nine months ended Dec. 31, representing 7.2% of total revenue.
which with 100 million daily visits, is generally considered by analysts to be a larger business than Tmall.
In the 1990s, the park was somewhat threadbare and a hotbed for drug-dealing.
Grand Army Plaza’s scattered greenery may be eye candy enough for those on the hunt for a deal.
Bitcoin exchanges have gradually begun to stop taking deposits in Chinese currency.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is still interested in more information about the dispute.
It is more profitable for traders to sell in many other locations.
The People’s Bank of China, the country’s central bank, unexpectedly began reducing the midpoint for the renminbi’s daily trading range.
Firms' progress toward consistent, timely and accurate reporting of top counterparty exposures.
Data examined in the report included over-the-counter derivatives, securities lending exposure, and exposure from repurchase agreements, also known as repos.
Alibaba Pictures Group said that its shares would be suspended from trading.
The broader issue highlighted by the accounting disclosure is the ability of Alibaba to successfully execute deals.
In the first half of this year, they reached their highest level by deal value since 2000.
But in China, only in the last few years have companies reached the necessary size to make large deals possible.
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, the exchange operator, saw average daily turnover last year remain well below 2010 levels.
It is the type of deal that Hong Kong could do.
The remaining 66 percent of shareholders, with a stake of 0.16 percent, opposed the deal.
Shares in a media group rise well before Alibaba makes a deal.
In the last three full trading sessions before the suspension, shares in ChinaVision had surged 53.7 percent.
ChinaVision’s shares resumed trading on Wednesday, a day after the company.
The stock closed at 1.83 Hong Kong dollars, or 186 percent above where it had last traded before the suspension.
Such trading patterns can also be a warning sign to regulators.
It can set off scrutiny over potential insider trading or other illegal attempts to manipulate the market.
The combined daily trading would be capped at 23.5 billion renminbi, the regulators said.
That is equal to about 20 percent of the combined average daily trading turnover of both markets.
The preparatory work to introduce the new pilot trading program is expected to take about six months.
The cumulative, combined trading flows will be capped at an aggregate 550 billion renminbi.
Shares in Bank of Chongqing closed slightly down on their first day of trading. 
One deal announced in recent days shows how competitive that task can be.
There were many more deals in the pipeline for Michigan, but wouldn't give specifics.
The stock rose as high as 4.79 Hong Kong dollars per share in morning trading.
$2.8 billion would be the biggest Hong Kong share sale this year.
The document mentions new resources taxes, carbon-emission trading programs and increasing corporate liability for environmental harm.
Beijing-based advertising company Charm Communications brokers ad buys and tracks CCTV's ad auction each year.
This is a deal that could signal a small shift away from Western Europe toward Asia.
The Rosneft deal would become the latest in a series of financial transactions between Russian energy companies and China.
The latest Chinese deal will most likely allow the Russian government to delay a plan.
The purchase meets its goal of providing investors with stable and regular dividend payments. 
The sale didn't mean it is pulling back on its Asian strategy. 
Telstra expects to generate a profit on the sale of around A$600 million. 
They make deals with such entities on terms that favor them at the expense of Alibaba.
They worry about the terms of the future transactions between Alibaba and Alipay.
Alibaba’s e-commerce volumes grow by 35 percent a year for the next two years.
The benchmark cost has dropped to around 5.0%, from 5.4% when the market reopened Friday after the week-long holiday. 
The particulars of the deal’s announcement came together in a matter of hours Monday morning.
Just as unclear is how a buyout would be financed. 
It is based in Waterloo, Ontario, removing a major hurdle for a deal. 
The Canadian government would most likely block any such takeover on national security grounds.
In response, Microsoft's shares rose about 4% in after-hours trading Thursday. 
MasterCard's report was based on transactions made via MasterCard in Hong Kong. 
It shifted from block trades to private placements―allowed under the contract.
The Securities and Exchange Commission and federal prosecutors in Brooklyn have been investigating it. 
The law makes it illegal for United States companies to exchange “anything of value” with foreign officials.
International Financing Review reported JPMorgan’s exit from the potential Tianhe deal on Monday.
They have not been formally hired to run the deal yet. 
The hedge fund titan Steven Cohen sat at the center of his vast trading floor.
Mr. Cohen did business with major banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase.
Mr. Cohen's firm has agreed to plead guilty to insider trading violations.
The hedge fund has been a top stock-trading client of the major banks. 
SAC routinely crossed the line into trading on confidential corporate information.
The government secured a series of guilty pleas by former SAC traders. 
They encouraged brokerage firms to continue to do business with SAC.
He is a senior brokerage firm executive who trades with Mr. Cohen.
On Thursday, shares in 58.com, surged 42 percent on the first trading day.
The United States Securities and Exchange Commission accused the Chinese affiliates of five big accounting firms.
The investigations from the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department are still in fledgling stages. 
The deal is the largest private equity deal ever in China.
A Shanghai-based trader at a Japanese house said accessibility may be problematic given.
Some traders see the contract's launch as a step in the right direction. 
SWIFT last month reported that the yuan is currently being used to pay for just 0.8% of all global transactions.
The new gold contract could help simplify the process of moving gold into China, traders said. 
The Shanghai Futures Exchange started night-trading hours for its gold contracts in July.
The gold exchange is a unit of the People's Bank of China.
It is as part of an effort to give commercial banks a bigger role in pricing and trading.
We can compared it with record volumes on the exchange. 
The announcement is banning Chinese financial institutions from dealing in the virtual currency.
That was nearly 40 percent lower than where they had traded on Tuesday.
It ordered them to stop all transactions involving digital currencies. 
Alibaba’s Alipay service is the China’s biggest processor of online transactions.
On Dec. 5, the central bank and the four agencies jointly banned dealing in Bitcoin.
Futures contracts outstanding on the Nymex and London Metal Exchange are valued at $96.7 billion. 
It is a result of market players adjusting their near-term renminbi trading strategies.
A trader who made more than $100 million from a $10 million bet against gold.
Mr. Tuohy is known in trading circles for adopting a so-called paleo diet.
Japan was the source of some of the biggest gains for many traders.
Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse were underwriters of the transaction. 
There have only been a couple of sales so far in Asia. 
It would represent the successful completion of a deal that almost got done last year.
People briefed on the deal did not know what Lenovo would ultimately pay for the unit.
This deal makes it the third-largest personal computer producer in the world.
The Wall Street Journal earlier reported that a deal could be announced on Thursday.
The U.S. and China must come to some sort of lasting solution that satisfies the U.S.
China's central bank is taking steps to rein in certain bond-trading activities.
The deals could amplify risks in one of the world's fastest-growing debt markets.
The rules effectively ban banks from using the funds for proprietary trading, or trading for its own profit.
A statement was posted on the website of the China Foreign Exchange Trade System.
The Foreign Exchange Tarde System is the interbank-trading and foreign-exchange division of the central bank.
Regulators worry that the practice has allowed banks to hide risks in their trading books.
Ms. Edwardson was recently involved in the sale of a terrace property.
The developers are hoping that office-space demand will be stoked by easing restrictions on the Chinese currency.
Tmall requires each seller to pay a deposit, an annual service fee and charges a commission on each transaction.
Off-market deals, known as whisper listings, have long been the purview of the ultra-high-end market.
Certain properties are shopped with a shroud of mystery among a small circle of well-connected agents.
Trolling through expired listings in the hopes of reviving a dead deal.
Off-market tactics appear to be on the rise in major markets.
Celebrities don’t want to read about their property transactions in the tabloids to sellers.
Yet most brokerage firms are of two minds about off-market deals.
The secretive nature of whisper listings means some brokers will inevitably be shut out of a possible deal.
When there is a contract, it often mandates a quiet sale.
An off-market deal is often worth any loss they may take.
Ms. Liebman sold her two-bedroom Miami home in an off-market deal earlier this year.
Nanette Shaw with her business partner Isa Goldberg closed an off-market deal at Chatham Towers at 170 Park Row.
The initial buyer, represented by Pascal Blacque-Belair at Douglas Elliman, matched that offer and closed.
Tom di Galoma is co-head of fixed-income rates trading at ED&F Man Capital.
The deal had already been downsized from earlier estimates of as much as nearly $6 billion.
Indeed, Li Ka-shing has shown his savvy as an asset trader over a long career.
He has struck a succession of blockbuster deals in the decades since.
But with his latest deal, is Li Ka-shing selling low instead?
Units in Hong Kong Electric are scheduled to begin trading in Hong Kong on Jan. 29.
Analysts have estimated such a deal could value the company at more than $20 billion.
If the copper recycling firm's IPO succeeds, it could spark more deals.
Crude oil's breach last week arrived the $100-a-barrel level on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The complex measure to prevent banks from engaging in certain trading activities will be applied unevenly by different regulators.
This indicates the battle among underwriters to get into what could be Asia's biggest IPO in coming months.
The $3.1 billion IPO by tycoon Li Ka-shing's Hong Kong electricity company last month had just two sponsors.
There were two other multibillion dollar IPOs that had more than six sponsors in Hong Kong.
BOC International is the Chinese bank that funded most of the deal.
These lists rank investment banks by the value of deals on which they advise.
Other IPOs set to make the headlines this year, if they happen, have many.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. could value the e-commerce giant at over US$70 billion or more.
The opportunity to make money from the price differential hasn't escaped traders.
The square footage of housing transactions slumped nearly 16 percent last month.
Transactions fell by half in Beijing and Shanghai from a year ago over the May 1 holiday weekend. 
The May 1 holiday weekend is traditionally one of the two biggest real estate buying times of the year.
The deal is the biggest overseas purchase by a Chinese company.
The number of North America shale dealt by Chinese companies has dropped off dramatically.
That was a 59% jump in the number of deals and a 31% increase in cash raised a year earlier.
The IPO market fell just short of 2007's tally, when 288 deals raised $65 billion.
Mutual-fund and hedge-fund managers said they expect to see continued heavy IPO issuance this year.
Many are excited to get a look at deals from firms like Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
Some skeptics said that many deals last year brought handsome returns.
The firm raised $1.2 billion and wiped away memories of its botched debut in 2012.
They had no idea why Peugeot wanted such a deal with the East wind.
SPDR Gold Trust is the world's largest gold exchange-traded fund. 
The trading boom raises fears that one of Wall Street's biggest profit engines is in peril.
Lackluster markets could lead to year-over-year declines in fixed-income, commodities and currency trading revenue. 
A 10-year commodities rally has fizzled, while foreign-exchange trading volume has fallen sharply from its 2008 peak. 
The government bonds are less profitable for banks, and overall trading volumes have dipped. 
The Wall Street firms withdraw the energy trading and storing and transporting physical commodities. 
Kotowski expected trading revenue to have hit bottom and stabilized by now. 
Technology has helped level the playing field by allowing institutions to make some trades on their own.
For Goldman Sachs Group Inc, fixed-income, currency and commodities trading historically has been a crucial profit engine.
Goldman is expected to post a 21% decline in trading revenue from fixed-income, currencies and commodities.
Goldman is on pace for its worst year for FICC trading since the financial crisis. 
J.P. Morgan senior executive Michael Cavanagh in November said client trading volumes were down slightly. 
Revenue from fixed-income, currency and commodities trading is expected to drop an average of about 11% at Goldman, J.P. Morgan.
UBS AG in the past year has laid off some traders.
Some of the traders who remain in the industry are bracing for decreases in year-end compensation. 
Compensation for J.P. Morgan's fixed-income, currency and commodities traders is projected to drop 5% from last year's levels.
The emergence of derivatives--instruments tied to the value of bonds, currencies, commodities, stocks helped fuel more trading activity. 
London-based brokerage ICAP PLC on Jan. 3 reported that foreign-exchange volumes on its trading platform were the lowest on record.
In commodities, bank trading revenue clocked in at $6 billion in 2012.
Marchionne rescued the Detroit automaker from bankruptcy in a 2009 deal with the Obama administration.
This trade gave Fiat 58.5 percent of Chrysler and the potential to raise that stake.
Relationships were not the most important factor in terms of closing deals.
It is not good for the people on the other side of the deal to know a company’s strategy.
They mostly snapped up resource assets around the world in a series of occasionally controversial deals.
This group mostly work on the buyer's end of real estate transactions.
This law allows start-ups to quietly file paperwork with the Securities and Exchange Commission without public disclosures.
This trade is part of the unlikely land rush occurring in Detroit.
No deal has captured the city’s attention like Mr. Palazuelo’s purchase of the Packard.
If clearing and settlement sounds a bit dull, it is part of the essential plumbing of finance. 
China designated Hong Kong as its first offshore trading center for its currency in 2009. 
Since then, major cities have vied to attract trading in renminbi.
The London Stock Exchange has also been eagerly courting Chinese business. 
It was issued on the London Stock Exchange’s Professional Securities Market.
GF Financial Markets (UK) is part of the wider GF Securities Group based in Guangzhou, China.
GF Financial Markets became the second Chinese member of the exchange.
The bankers couldn't stand not to be a part of the biggest debt deal in Africa.
What at first blush seems like a risky French adventure may just turn out to be a profitable affair.
These devices are located in the New York Stock Exchange's data center in Mahwah, N.J..
This project is intended to link nearly all U.S. stock exchanges this way.
This is a traders' term for their efforts to whittle away the difference.
This has become a kind of holy grail to computerized traders.
For them, nanoseconds, can spell the difference between profit and loss in their algorithm-driven trades.
In recent years, so-called high-frequency trading firms have adopted these tecnologies.
So-called high-frequency trading firms account for about half of U.S. stock trading.
Computerized trading firms will be able to take advantage of this technology.
The NYSE would offer this technology to the exchange's trading clients.
Firms continue pushing to boost traders' speeds by increasingly tiny slivers of a second.
High-speed, computerized firms today trade everything from stocks to oil futures to government bonds.
In the latest tactic, some high-speed traders obtain news releases directly from distributors.
Federal regulators are wary of algorithmic traders' relentless push for speed.
Heavy selling and waves of high-speed traders fleeing the market triggered wild stock swings.
It includes electronic-trading firm Knight Capital Group Inc. in August 2012.
Kara Stein, a commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission, made a speech in November.
They labeled high-speed trading a key source of operational risk across all markets.
The millions of orders high-frequency trading's practitioners churn out support the overall financial markets by providing liquidity.
The ability of high-frequency trading can buy or sell without moving prices much.
As the push for speed grows, it is increasingly expensive for traders, banks and brokerage firms to keep pace.
Market players world-wide spent about $1.5 billion in 2013 on technology to increase trading speeds.
The SEC is considering whether exchanges should set up 'kill switches'.
That could shut down a rogue trading algorithm threatening market havoc.
This fiber-optic network was to transmit orders between Chicago and New York markets.
Trading firms ponied up millions of dollars a year to use the network.
That matters to firms that are trying to execute thousands of trades a minute on dozens of different markets.
Mr. Persico wasn't the only one who thought of adapting the lasers for stock orders.
It has dozens of trading firms waiting to try the lasers when they go live.
If it behaves as intended, it could be a huge development in trading technology.
It will stop traders from trying to think up new ways to move their orders along quickly.
Lynn E. Turner is former chief accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The deal would bring his 55-person startup inside the social network.
Mark Zuckerberg stopped by the office yesterday after the announcement. 
What will determine the success of this deal in the coming years? 
Contracts represents 724 million tons traded on the Shanghai Futures Exchange last year.
Just 12.08 million zinc futures contracts changed hands on the Shanghai Futures Exchange last year.
The growing number of contracts and trading volume on China's commodities exchanges provide an opportunity for speculative trading.
The contract sizes are typically much smaller than their equivalents on the Chicago Board of Trade.
JD.com will begin trading Thursday on the Nasdaq stock market under the ticker symbol "JD".
The political impetus to get the deal done include Mr. Putin's upcoming visit to Europe in early June.
The Chinese auto maker, which is only spending about a quarter of its cash hoard on the deal.
The deal also will help the company devote its energy to driving innovation across the Android ecosystem.
The transaction is the latest sign of the growing ambitions of Lenovo.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange turned down Alibaba's plan to list the company there. 
The acquisition may also signal the last mega-deal in the spirits industry for some time. 
A premium of more than 30 percent to where the stock traded before the bid.
The deal valued the China unit, at about 60 billion dollars, or nearly $8 billion.
Traders have piled into bets that profited as the currency has staged a seemingly relentless advance. 
It was those traders who were stung by last week's selloff. 
But for Wall Street’s leading deal maker, it is a symbol, nevertheless, of what could have been.
But these banks will lock in partnerships for the company’s future financing deals.
They are close to a deal to sell their house for $1.35 million, a cool 67 percent gain.
Buying a house continues to look like a good deal in much of the country. 
From 2009 to 2011, buying houses was an extraordinary deal in most of the country. 
The yuan is now the ninth-most traded currency in the world, rising from 17th two years ago. 
Hong Kong was the biggest market for trading in the yuan.
While the offshore yuan trades freely, it is broadly tied to the yuan price inside China. 
It will reach 7.5% of all retail transactions in the country.
Most of the luxury purchases are made on third-party sites like Alibaba-owned Tmall and Taobao.
Dave Meger, director of metals trading with Vision Financial Markets LLC., a futures brokerage in Chicago.
It has mainly focused on doing energy and resources-related deals in Canada and elsewhere in North America.
M&A volume in the Asian-Pacific region rose 60% to $67.2 billion from a year earlier.
The volume of Asian companies buying companies in other regions more than tripled to $24.8 billion.
China's Lenovo Group Ltd. pulled off two multibillion-dollar deals in the space of a week.
M&A activity had seen a substantial pickup in deal activity in recent years.
I anticipate straight M&A deal volume to be lower in Indonesia certainly for this first quarter.
He focuses on M&A in Southeast Asia, particularly in Indonesia. 
It lacks both the trading culture and ambitions of its failed predecessor.
The new banks are missing the big bonuses and risky trading desks.
Revenue from trading operations at Landsbankinn is down to 10 percent of what it was in 2006.
This seems to be trading, in fact, the house has long been sold.
The deal would be the latest in a lengthening list of acquisitions by the Chinese personal-computer maker.
The deal raised questions about how a company little known outside China could inherit the well-regarded ThinkPad brand.
Most industry analysts today view the 2005 IBM deal as a successful case.
In 2012, Lenovo bought U.S. software company Stoneware for an undisclosed sum.
Alibaba recorded $5.75 billion in transactions through its online payment system.
BTC China had grown to become the biggest exchange in the world.
Even though banks themselves are barred from engaging in bitcoin businesses and speculation.
Friday also marked the PBOC's deadline by which banks and payment processors were supposed to cease all dealings in bitcoin.
Despite the quiet relaunch, word of policy reversal emerged earlier in the U.S. trading day on Thursday.
In response, Chinese traders have started to file back to BTC China's exchange and volumes have picked up.
It only need short confirmation times, close to zero transaction costs.
They were charges with helping users of the illicit drug-trading website Silk Road launder money through bitcoin exchanges.
The deal also helps Google bring more balance to the Android ecosystem.
The CFTC voted 3-1 to apply many of its key swaps rules to overseas firms.
The agency has been trying to ensure that it has more insight into swaps.
That includes swap record keeping, risk-management policies and chief compliance officer requirements. 
In other key areas, the CFTC declined to make equivalence determinations. 
It includes for clearing and data reporting requirements related to swaps transactions.
They employ personnel in the U.S., arrange swaps transactions here or do business with U.S. counterparties.
The requirement to report swaps in the U.S. has been live since early 2013.
The agency held off making decisions on some swaps rules such as capital requirements.
Stocks in Shanghai fell for a ninth consecutive day to the weakest level in four months.
Recent deal-making activity in the sector suggests that attitudes may be shifting.
This explains the PBOC's pronouncement earlier this month that banks could not engage in bitcoin transactions.
Those deals reflect a push by Asia's banks into new markets around the world. 
A $17 billion credit facility arranged for trading and mining titan Glencore Xstrata PLC last year.
Accounting firms wouldn't give the Securities and Exchange Commission documents about some of their Chinese audit clients.
The money laundering charges focused on hundreds of transactions that took place between 2001 and 2007.
Ms. Alamgir eventually contacted the store's owner, who arrived and processed the transaction.
Traders expected the fed funds rate to average 0.45% in June 2015. 
While it didn’t disclose how much it would pay, Alibaba plans to offer both stock and cash in the transaction.
It could help the company as it competes fiercely with rivals like Tencent.
The deal between Greenland and Forest City remains to be approved by the Chinese government.
The federal government has given the green light to the deal.
Brendan Ahern of KraneShares manages an exchange-traded fund that focuses on Chinese Internet stocks.
But the filing did not break out revenue or earnings for each marketplace.
The company does not allow Baidu, the search engine, to search its marketplaces.
Some of them have bought shares in recent years, directly and through secondary market transactions.
Alibaba plans to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements under the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq.
The website of the once-dominant bitcoin exchange went down earlier Tuesday. 
They come from six major bitcoin exchanges and businesses.  
The price had fallen as low as $131.71 before the exchange went down. 
That would represent a loss of around $365 million at it's trading prices on other exchanges. 
Other exchanges briefly stopped customer withdrawals and then returned to normal.
The deal would help vault Alibaba and Jack Ma to the highest ranks of technology industry titans.
As a result of the method, the number of transactions went down.
The number of transactions fell by 10 percent, but values went up by 6 percent.
China's central bank is moving closer to widening the trading range for the tightly controlled yuan.
This method is aimed at paving the way for widening the yuan's trading band sometime this year.
The central bank to expand that range by allowing the currency to move up or down by 2% daily.
Some see the yuan-band widening as the low-hanging fruit as far as reform efforts are concerned.
By comparison, it's a lot easier to do something like widening the yuan's trading band.
The decline of currency was caused by adjustment of trading strategy by main market participants.
Both the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq stock market have confirmed to Alibaba.
They bought it for $589,000, closed in late winter and went to work.
Traders commented anonymously because the terms of their contracts prohibit them from speaking to the media.
Countries such as Libya and Nigeria have both experienced major disruptions this year.
The change isn't only being felt in physical trading, but also the buying and selling of shiploads of oil.
The importance of OPEC in recent years has declined, especially from a futures trading perspective.
The only thing my broker cares about is closing the deal.
Many of my clients admit that they missed out on closing deals for their clients. 
The Royal Exchange, a popular cafe and arcade, is frequently mistaken for the Bank of England.
The app has been offering users temporary deals to buy products.
Many have found reasons to justify the valuation of the deal.
Those acquisitions seemed pricey at the time of the deals too.
Shares in JD.com will begin trading on the Nasdaq on Thursday, under the symbol JD.
It formally acquired an additional 5 percent on Wednesday in a transaction tied to the I.P.O.
After the Facebook-WhatsApp deal was announced, shares of BlackBerry jumped as much as 8% in after hours trading.
After one disappointment after another, some buyers are turning to off-market deals drummed up by ambitious brokers.
Traders are willing to pay a hefty price for that intelligence.
A team of Morgan Stanley traders in Purchase, N.Y.saw the alert.
The traders scooped up electricity contracts tied to East Coast power demand that would benefit from the move.
One energy trader asked in an instant message to a analyst.
Traders without access to the information possessed by power companies operated at a huge disadvantage.
Mr. Lapinski started another company that provides oil flow information to traders.
Traders executed bearish bets that day using another futures contract that compares near-term oil prices with prices a year ahead.
The People's Bank of China has been setting the daily reference rate weaker in recent sessions.
Inventory would flood the market as companies dump the metal to unwind risky trades.
He said the company's bonds would be suspended from trading until it releases its 2014 annual report.
It's a make-your-blood-boil read about the abusive way that high-frequency trading works.
While the big Wall Street banks may have invented high-speed trading.
It has been encouraged by stock markets like the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and Bats.
Bats is an electronic exchange that was a pioneer in this area.
They have created systems and pricing tiers specifically for high-speed trading.
The exchanges have a financial incentive to create an uneven playing field.
This is not to suggest that high-frequency hedge funds and banks aren’t complicit.
New York’s attorney general recently began an investigation into high-frequency trading.
If the rules get changed, the new requirements will probably have to be carried out by the stock exchanges.
Those new rules could force the exchanges to shut down or modify the special lane of traffic.
The exchanges will probably have to find a way to build speed bumps into the system.
That would be much like the system developed to slow down trading by the protagonist of Mr. Lewis’s story.
The problem is that the high-frequency trading problem isn’t a simple David versus Goliath story.
Most of the big money that high-frequency traders make is by competing against other big institutions.
High-frequency traders, with their unfair advantages, are putting the little guy’s pension fund in jeopardy.
Stock exchanges that cater to high-frequency traders often defend the practice.
Oddly enough, Goldman Sachs is one of the earliest high-frequency traders.
Then there is the question of the responsibility of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The agency has not just looked the other way about these high-speed arrangements but has actively encouraged them.
The two largest bitcoin-trading exchanges came under attack from hackers Tuesday.
During such outages, some trading can continue, but customers aren't able to gain access to their money.
He is chief executive of Coinsetter, a New York-based bitcoin-trading platform .
The two largest bitcoin exchanges aren't processing withdrawals-that essentially shuts the ecosystem down.
That glitch could potentially give rogue traders a way to falsify transactions.
somebody, somewhere in the network decided it would be fun to start mutating transactions.
A denial-of-service attack triggered 'inconsistent results' in the virtual wallet that holds bitcoin for its customers.
This problem is more related to the exchanges than bitcoin itself.
There is no widely traded, Pan-European government bond similar to United States Treasury securities.
China recently announced use of high-tech algorithms to detect insider trading.
The Securities and Exchange Commission’s review of the offering documents is not yet complete.
Motorola was an odd fit among Google's other big bets which include youtube and its recent acquisition of Nest Labs.
He is Shanghai-based head of trading in China at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.
It could lead to the dumping of metals onto markets as these trades unwind.
Deutsche Bank AG said it would sell or shut down almost all of its global commodities businesses, sparking about 200 layoffs. 
Laing off some traders as part of what UBS AG calls a shift toward more focus on managing customers' wealth. 
Since 2009, however, trading has been slowly fading, prompting bankers to worry whether the glory years will ever come back. 
Mr. Palazuelo’s company, Arte Express, has revived about a dozen older properties in Lima for banks, insurance companies and other businesses.
The change was made after the company studied the PBOC memo and other rules that raised concerns about BTC's banking activities.
For the last decade, the government has aided state-run banks by placing a ceiling on the savings deposit rate and a floor on bank lending rates.
As long as I get a higher return than the regular bank deposit, I’m happy to put my money in there.
Louis Kuijs is a chief China economist at the Royal Bank of Scotland and a former China economist at the World Bank.
The most common is the company through the import of physical commodities to obtain low-cost letters of credit granted by banks.
Pressure is building on China's largest bank and a major shadow lender to bail out investors facing a nearly $500 million hit.
This could be the first time a key part of China's vast but unregulated shadow banking sector suffering its first losses.
One challenge for Chinese policymakers this year is to rein in the rapid and dangerous expansion of the country's shadow Banks.
There is a 35% chance that the central bank will announce plans to start dialing back its $85 billion-a-month bond-buying program.
Foreign banks with U.S. assets greater than $50 billion would have to maintain more loss-absorbing capital than some other countries require.
The move is aimed at discouraging banks in Hong Kong from raising money by relying too heavily on short-term funds.  
What we have been telling the banks all along is that when you expand your loan book at that sort of rate of growth, make sure of your credit. 
Global banks have led the lending expansion, although with a few exceptions they have few or no deposits from Hong Kong residents.
Those so-called wholesale banks say the new rules favor the banks with large bases of deposits here, including HSBC, Standard Chartered and Citigroup.
But the I.M.F. concluded that the loans did not pose a systemic risk to the Hong Kong banking system except under extreme circumstances.
Banks have been wary of saying anything publicly about the rules that might be construed as criticizing their regulator.  
Other economists, as well as Hong Kong regulators and bankers, are skeptical that Chinese companies are borrowing in Hong Kong. 
The approximately $1.16 million held by the company in a Wells Fargo bank account could be traced to international customers taking part in the scheme.
It is only about a quarter of the roughly $1.45 trillion in new domestic loans China's banks made last year. 
It is only a matter of time before we witness a high-profile investigation of an Asia-based bank, led by a local regulator.
There is a possibility the Chinese banks will try to increase the cost of financing to take advantage of the situation.
The latest measures prohibit American banks and investors from proffering loans with a maturation of more than 90 days to four Russian companies.
Company executives and their armada of bankers at six investment banks had set Aug. 6 as a potential day to price the offering.
The move comes after interest rates that banks have to pay to borrow cash from each other jumped in recent days.
The agreement should lead to the establishment in Luxembourg of a yuan clearing bank and bring more China-related funds to the country. 
Three of China's six biggest banks have set up European headquarters in the area locals call Luxembourg city's mini Wall Street.
The World Bank estimates that since initiating market reforms in 1978, China has lifted more than 500 million out of poverty. 
HSBC on July 9 slashed its growth forecasts for Asia, outside of Japan, to 6.1 percent for this year and 6.5 percent next year.
At the end of 2012, the Supreme People's Court of China had ruled in a ruling that the VIE structure used by Minsheng Bank was ineffective.
He wrote the thesis called “The Path to Interest Rate Liberalization” in 1986 at the People’s Bank of China graduate school.
They were sold to investors who were in search of better interest rates than they were getting on their bank deposits.
The PBOC does not allow financial institutions in the zone to experiment with exchange rates or bank deposit rates for yuan in the zone.
The euro zone's new 'banking union' ensures that bank creditors will take losses to bolster tottering banks in the future. 
The need for some preparation for future shocks can be seen in the signs of stress in the banking system. 
Last year, despite slow approval procedures and tight access to foreign reserve from commercial banks, China had a record number of deals. 
Official bank lending has more than doubled since the global financial crisis, growing nearly twice as fast as the overall economy.
The big risk for China’s cosseted banks is not necessarily bank runs of the sort seen in the early 1930s in the United States.
For years, there have been reports that the government would inject capital into the bank when it faced a sudden withdrawal.
Mr. Lawsky would consider temporarily suspending the bank’s ability to transfer money through New York branches on behalf of foreign clients.
Officials from the New York Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency have been at Citigroup's office for a 'couple of days.
In January 2006, the personal identification numbers for hundreds of customer accounts were compromised by a cyberattack on online banking Web site.
In addition to the criminal cases with the Justice Department, the banks each struck settlements with Mr. Lawsky as well as federal regulators. 
The smaller Taiwanese banks in Hong Kong have been keen on taking up high-grade secondary loans to strengthen their loan books.
In the import and export bank of China's shipping industry loan portfolio, loans to Greek shipowners accounted for the majority of the loans.
The European Central Bank said on Thursday that it would begin buying hundreds of billions of euros worth of government bonds.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority warned that lending to China by Hong Kong's banks had become a key risk factor to watch for.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority ordered several Hong Kong banks to engage in an internal review and share the results with HKMA investigators.
He said that beyond concerns about the global economy, one of the main topics of discussion was increasing financial risk-taking by investors.
It is in line with its rivals-- Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo--and lagging the KBW Bank Index's 35% gain.
The non-recourse loans give them the right to repossess property in the event of default but not to pursue borrowers personally. 
It is usually more sensible for banks to restructure delinquent debt than to create a system where borrowers can run away from bad loans. 
Regardless of how they draw on their assets, parents should not fall into the trap of taking on more than they can reasonably afford.
They announced that they would be charging higher fees at the start of 2014 to guarantee mortgages of borrowers with lower credit scores.
10 borrowers have raised $2.9 billion worth of funds via dim-sum bonds so far this year, or yuan bonds issued outside mainland China. 
In practice, trusts tend to be lenders of last resort to the least-productive sectors that the banks have been told to avoid.
Growth is slowing in part because authorities, concerned on credit bubbles in the financial sector, have pushed up the cost of borrowing.
Generally higher interest rates in China than elsewhere in Asia creates a powerful incentive to borrow money abroad and invest it onshore. 
The average credit score for borrowers whose loans were bought by Freddie Mac rose to 756 in 2012 from 720 in 2006.
It is even less healthy to leave a chunk of the population trapped in the virtual prison of debt that can never be repaid. 
In the UK, the increase, as a direct and indirect result of the crISIS, will be close to 50 percent of GDP.
As the country tightens its budget ahead of an estimated $1.8bn in debt payments due in the next two years. 
But insured depositors, and creditors who expect to be paid by authorities if not by the bank, agree to lend to banks at attractive terms.
Too low an inflation rate puts the economy at risk of Japanification, of getting caught in a trap of economic stagnation and intractable debt.
The company is one of the first companies that is directly owned by the central government to run into debt trouble.
These studies calculated the damage to the currency union if Greece were to default on its debts or stop using the euro.
On Friday, Greece must reimburse 50 million in loans to the International Monetary Fund and roll over 1.6 billion in short-term debt.
Beijing has the capacity, thanks to its enormous taxing powers and a modest central government debt level of 23% to GDP.
In his big policy speech at the National People's Conference on Wednesday, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang promised to defuse debt risks.
It is only by 50 billion yuan, hardly enough to make a difference to the 17.9 trillion yuan in local government liabilities.
Redistributing debts to the central government without causing economic dislocation is like crossing a six-lane highway with buckets of hot soup.
Hainan said that local debt had increased by more than 20 per cent in the 18 months to last December, reaching Rmb170bn.
The debtor nations were forced ― in part at Germany’s insistence ― into harsh austerity, which eliminated their trade deficits. 
New disclosures from two of Asia's largest lenders provide a glimpse of global banks' rising exposure to China's fast-growing foreign debt.
One government bonds was from hit countries, mostly in Southern Europe, and another was those from stronger countries in Northern Europe. 
even if devalue their currencies will lead to credit downgrades, defaults and difficulty in refinancing debt for corporate and government borrowers.
Distressed-debt specialist Oaktree is also planning to set up a joint venture with Cinda to invest in distressed assets in China.
With debt levels continuing to rise in China, PAG is developing a strategy for buying and profiting from bad loans at Chinese banks.
It also said that it would contribute an additional $1.1 billion to cover maturing debt and to invest in Genworth’s life insurance business.
The rate increase echoes the drastic measures taken during the 1998 crisis when Russia defaulted on its debt and devalued the ruble.
He had apparently persuaded the central bank to effectively issue billions of new rubles to his company to help cover debts.
Rosneft had been clamoring for a government bailout to refinance debt the company ran up while making acquisitions when oil prices were high.
With fewer domestic savings to invest in bonds, Japan could become more reliant on foreign investors to finance its debt. 
Adding to the turmoil were expectations that the Greek government would not make a debt repayment to the International Monetary Fund that is due on Tuesday.
Time Warner Cable was uncomfortable with the amount of debt Charter would have layered onto the company had it succeeded in buying it.
Chinese corporate debt, expected to exceed more than $13 trillion this year, will surpass the United States level by next year.
The biggest advantage may be that the Indian government has long prohibited borrowing in foreign currencies by poor or middle-class households.
Debt has since risen to the equivalent of $2.46 trillion to $4.92 trillion, or 30% to 60% of China's gross domestic product.
An exodus of capital hits nations hardest when they have large trade deficits, heavy private-sector debt loads and high tabs in other currencies.
In 2009, The New York Times raised $225 million to pay off debt by selling 750,000 square feet of its new headquarters building to W. P. Carey.
It also would make it more likely that the government would eventually have to borrow from overseas to fund its massive debt load.
Countries with big trade surpluses--Germany and China--need to buy more from debtor countries so they can reduce some of that burden. 
In exchange for debt relief, borrowers need to convince creditors that they'll keep their reform promises once the pressure is off. 
Some methods are perfectly legal, like investing in real estate elsewhere, buying businesses overseas, or paying off debts owed in dollars.
The problem is the giant, stagnant pool of loans that companies and people around the world are struggling to pay back.
A banking industry term used to describe when a borrower has fallen behind on payments or is stressed in ways that make full repayment unlikely.
Although Ireland’s biggest banks suffered huge losses after the financial crisis, they held back from forcing many borrowers who had defaulted out of their homes.
In recent years, the Irish government has pursued a widespread plan that aims to reduce the debt load of financially stressed homeowners.
The tests, however, showed the need to pay attention to risks from the property sector, wealth management products and local government debt.
China’s ballooning debt rose to 250 percent of gross domestic product at the end of June, from 150 percent five years ago.
China's five biggest banks will have to refinance 118 billion yuan worth of debt set to mature between 2014 and 2015. 
A country's reserves is a way to gauge how much firepower it has to pay its debts and to ride out economic shocks. 
They began a campaign to reduce the debt of any company or household that was unable to pay off its loans. 
Other recent cases in which Chinese companies came close to defaulting on debt or other payments were averted at the last minute. 
Total debt in China stood around 210 percent of the country's gross domestic product at the end of last year. 
But Chinese leaders shifted away from what some economists called a ministimulus later in the year amid worries over mounting debt. 
The shadow Banks include all types of credit outside formal bank channels and is a major factor in China's rising debt levels.
He called the decision an opportunity for the city and its creditors to jointly fashion a plan to cut debt. 
With the legal finding in hand, Detroit can now file a plan to restructure its estimated $18 billion in long-term debt. 
Besides cutting the debt burden, the company will get better borrowing terms in the future when it is publicly listed. 
If that argument had prevailed, Wanxiang would have had to pay off the entire $160 million-plus due on the debt to get Fisker. 
The net proceeds will be used to repay existing debts and fund capital and other expenditures related to the firm's real estate development. 
Lexmark agreed to be sold to a consortium led by Apex Technology of China and PAG Asia Capital for $3.6 billion, including debt.
Sizzling is an understatement for some Chinese property markets -- home prices in Haikou have jumped 54% in the past year.
We have consciously and deliberately set about forging direct and vetted relationships with brokers in the luxury market in cities all over the globe.
The scheme marks the most significant development towards integrating China’s financial markets with the rest of the world in many years.
The luxury cosmetics market in China will remain in the long term one of the most vibrant opportunities in our industry.
With 17 percent of market cap supported by margin financing, the government will do anything to prevent a real market collapse.
He notes that years of blind construction and poor positioning in the market have left China with many similar malls. 
There was the promise of innovative companies that could use the capital markets, rather than the banks, as a source of cash. 
The truth is that China and the rest of emerging Asia could actually see their workforces expand over the next 25 years. 
With the domestic construction market in the doldrums, many Chinese steel mills have turned to the export market for buyers. 
Australian producers BHP and Rio had been in an effort to win market share and drive high-cost producers out of business.
Wasn’t hip-hop, which achieved its mass-market breakthrough and dominance in the ’90s, the last genuinely new and consequential invention of American pop culture?
Government buying of cotton, wheat, corn, soya, sugar and rice at above market prices has encouraged farmers to grow strategic crops. 
By capping the state-set minimum purchase price as costs rise, the government hoped to bring it into line with market prices. 
In today’s market, and at those prices, many of these paintings will be as sellable as that Stradivarius canvas with the hole in it.
Intel Corp. has been trying to spur market to be interested in individual internet as well as build a foothold in tablets.
Pete Lau is a veteran of the Chinese tech business who was taken with the idea of creating a high-end smartphone for the masses.
Carl Pei said that among OnePlus’s global staff a third of the employees are from Asia, a third from Europe and a third from the United States.
The partnership between the two companies is perhaps the clearest sign yet of the race to conquer different parts of the world in the global ride-hailing industry.
We are seeing Chinese V.C. investors and V.C.-backed companies shifting their focus to invest in the international market, where the things are a bit more stable.
More frightening: The markets could be pricing in some darker facts about the outlook for the world that economists don’t fully understand.
In this telling, the moves in market prices reflect more the psychology of money managers than fundamental information about the state of the global economy.
The apparel maker, which accounts for about 6% of the Japanese apparel market today, now relies mostly on global expansion to boost growth.
Only in 2012 did the United States trade representative remove the company’s Taobao online marketplace from a “notorious markets” list of counterfeit goods sellers.
A limited-edition piece is worth less if it is created after an artist's death or comes from a huge batch that has languished on the market.
Cross-border flows of hot money were at the heart of the Asian crisis of 1997-98 and the crisis now erupting in emerging markets.
But past failures to make sure that banks could not hide risks using various tricks in opaque markets is hardly reason to give up on essential new regulations.
Worst of all, India is failing to make full use of the estimated one million low-skilled workers who enter the job market every month.
The Envision, a midsize sport utility vehicle, was designed for the Chinese market and is made only at the Shandong factory.
As the Fed lifted rates Wednesday, it added momentum to a steady stream of money that has been abandoning emerging markets and flowing toward U.S. shores.
It’s kind of the first port of call for anyone who thinks something bad is going to happen to emerging markets.
The top end of the market is struggling with a downturn as a volatile global economy makes wealthy collectors hesitant to buy and sell.
The strengths and weaknesses of the market for historic Chinese art were evident at the annual Asia Week New York promotion.
Suddenly, it seems as if all the serious people are telling each other that despite high unemployment there’s hardly any “slack” in labor markets.
Over all, while it’s possible to argue that we’re running out of labor slack, it’s also possible to argue the opposite.
Huawei has become China’s most successful international technology company in part by tapping markets as varied as Britain, India and Kenya.
When it expands the market in areas where it is trying to gain influence, it can easily get loans from state-owned lenders.
Every Sunday at a makeshift flea market at the Palm City Business Park in Florida, Neil Friedman hawks evidence of the life he once lived.
Twenty-five percent of United States gross domestic product growth since 1970 is attributed to the increase in women entering the paid work force. 
With a market share comparable to Standard Oil’s share of the refined oil market when it was broken up in 1911.
The offerings for apartment hunters are growing as developers and landlords rush to capitalize on the increasing buzz about the borough.
The Syngenta deal looks like it is intended to satisfy China’s goals to bolster food production in the world’s largest agricultural market.
Uxin hopes to use the strengths of its Internet technologies and experience in the used-car market to improve the efficiency of transactions。
The used-car market has traditionally been highly fragmented and lacking information on the service and repair history of the vehicles being sold.
Transactions in China’s used-car market rose 26 percent in 2014 from a year earlier, to 368 billion renminbi, or about $60 billion.
Add in knock-on effects on materials, banking and credit risks for other sectors, and the impact from property is downright formidable.
If the emerging markets of Asia and Latin America are hit by financial turmoil in coming years, will we not turn to one another?
If you want to take this thing to the next level ，you do have to become active and do some things you don’t do. 
As for the look of the slippers, Ms. Thompson noted that they had received positive reviews in their usual market-testing. 
By moving toward the markets on the path of rate hikes, the Fed acknowledges that they are eager to let this recovery run on.
The nation's air travel boom signaled that the nation's recent slowdown hasn't weighed on consumer sentiment as much as some may have feared.
If Shanghai is China’s answer to the New York Stock Exchange, the traditional home to big, blue-chip industrial and financial companies.
It is a positive start to the company's latest effort to boost its profile in China and other parts of Asia.
It will be a hard road ahead to restore confidence in Janpanese market which was known for its finicky and picky consumers.
Its most recent results suggest that, as in other markets, many European consumers are now spoilt for choice when it comes to fast food.
In fact, few areas of business offer as revealing a view of this socialist society’s lurch toward capitalism as the art market.
Jiang Yinfeng said that the people who suffer in such an overheated market are often those with little experience in such matters.
They indicate that rising values and his popularity  have led to a flood of fake Qi Baishis on the market.
But in an interview last month, Kou Qin described the nonpayment problem in the market as “a very bad phenomenon,” 
Pimco’s Total Return bond fund  has 21 percent of its $101 billion in assets invested in emerging-market bonds and derivatives.
What it has done is make very modest adjustments both in the value of its currency and in the manner in which it trades.
Over the last week they have stemmed the tide of the markets to keep the renminbi, also known as the yuan, from falling more steeply.
If you say the market has commonly recognized rules of the game, then those are still the rules that we lay out.
A four-year construction boom aimed at buyers willing to spend $10 million or more has flooded the top of the market.
Germany is Amazon’s second-biggest market after North America, accounting for $8.73 billion, or 14 percent, of total company revenue in 2012.
The H Street projects are a way for us to get involved in the crazy D.C. real estate market and support our local community.
Guangdong Province led China in market economy in the late 1970s and Guangdong and Shanghai area are the country’s two main export hubs.
Goods are shipped directly from inland factories to foreign markets without relying on the giant ports of Guangdong, Shanghai or other coastal areas.
In the U.S. and Europe,buy bullion to back up each share sold to clients and store the gold in vaults. 
This will allow investors  have the opportunity to use the Shanghai Gold Exchange and London gold market to spread arbitrage.
After three years of seizing market share from Chinese rivals, foreign auto makers are starting to take it from each other. 
Ford Motor Co., Volkswagen AG and Hyundai Motor Corp. are all poised to end the year with significant market share gains in the world's No. 
Co., Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. have all seen their China market share shrink so far this year. 
It’s a little bit of an off year' in China for the Detroit auto maker as a result of fewer new launches.
There are 524 car models offered by 96 brands in China, compared with 294 models sold by 45 brands in the U.S. 
It had a 7.4% share of China's auto market in the first eleven months of this year, up from 7.1% in 2012.
It aims to raise its share of China's auto market to 10% over the medium to long run from less than 6% currently. 
By contrast, Honda has increased its market share to 3.3% in the first 11 months of the year from 3.1% last year.
Great Wall Motor Co. has seen its market share rise to 3.5% from 3.2% last year on the strength of its dependence on SUVs. 
It is also driving Chinese yarn companies to gain a foothold here, lest they be stopped outside the lucrative American market.
He warned the group of a dozen businessmen that Deutsche Bank, among others, predicted a crash in the United States housing market.
What makes a 'gray-market' reseller 'gray' is that they doesn't have official authorization from brands to sell the products it peddles.
So Tmall's policy change of removing gray-market goods for brands that open their own official stores won't have a significant impact on Pompei's business.
Yet that $4 trillion portfolio owes its existence to a decade of currency market interventions by the PBOC to anchor the yuan exchange rate.
It was also worried that adding a new currency Jan. 1 might rattle financial markets on the first day of trading next year.
But due to its size, geography, and centrality to commodities markets, Russia's problems are not just about relations with its neighbours.
With so many countries angered by Canada’s closed-door stand on dairy, Ed Fast, Ottawa’s minister of international trade, was left to defend his stand.
In his 20-year career at the Wall Street firm, he rose through the ranks in London and Hong Kong before becoming the global head of growth markets.
The cities run the gamut, from well-established markets like Melbourne and Tel Aviv, which have yet to reach their full investment potential.
The Panama City is poised for rapid growth thanks to a mix of foreign investment and government policies that benefit international buyers.
Apple’s share among smartphone users in the United States is expected to reach 31 percent in 2012, up from 30 percent last year.
The People's Bank of China has been keen to make interest rates more market-driven by reducing reliance on the benchmark rates it sets. 
This shift would follow two major cash crunches in the interbank lending market last year which sent interest rates--or yields--sharply higher.
It has continued to lose market share to two smaller rivals, China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd. and China Telecom Corp. 
The property market in Victoria experienced a slump after the global financial crisis, dropping 10 to 25 percent, depending on the area. 
Prices for Toorak, a high-end suburb close to Melbourne’s Central Business District are about 2,800 to 3,500 Australian dollars per square meter on the low end.
If the house doesn’t sell at auction, it stays on the market until a buyer is found or the seller takes it off the market. 
The United States is a paragon of growth, at least by the tepid standards of the last decade, especially the job market.
One reason for the weakness is that while smaller companies tend to have a domestic focus, many would like to gain a foothold overseas and cannot.
Ms. Nixon at Northern Trust has a similar view of American and emerging markets: heavy in the first, light in the second.
If conditions deteriorate in China and elsewhere and begin to weigh more heavily on the American economy and markets, there will be little the Fed can do.
Taiwan has benefited from the fact that the U.S. has left the Taiwanese loophole available for Chinese companies to essentially sneak into the U.S. market without paying the tariff.
JinkoSolar has been buying its cells in Taiwan to make modules for the United States market since the tariffs went into effect.
Opponents include the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the American Bankers Association, the National Association of Realtors and some big investors.
Companies have to make sure that there are products on the market that can attract consumers, and changing the packaging is often not enough.
The company said it would invest in emerging markets such as Brazil and China and restructure to improve its cost structure.
The government should take more measures to bring professional investors into the market and allow market forces to work out bubbles.
Rather than it is a shocking turn, it is better to say that it is an inevitable correction in a market.
The chart shows how easy it is to frame market data in a way that sounds either scary or benign, depending on your inclination. 
India also represents great opportunity in the digital economy because of its bulging population and a fast-growing market for electronic goods.
Every urban real estate market is different in mainland China, driven by myriad municipal and provincial regulations and the varying strength of local economies.
But the real estate slump complicates policy making for the government, which has to strike a very tricky balance to prevent social unrest.
The trading volume remains pretty thin that even if I want to buy on dip, it's hard to find much supply in the market.
Wealthy investors in Hong Kong and China are parking cash on the sidelines as they turn cool toward the property market.
Activity in the property market is falling off, possibly due to cooling measures introduced by the Hong Kong government late last year, he said.
Since it's hard to judge whether the property market is beginning a sharp correction or a lengthy period of stagnation, the temptation is to wait and see.
Explaining why China was unlikely to see a property market crash like those seen in the U.S., Japan and Hong Kong in recent decades.
Xiaomi is poised to cement its place as one of the most powerful phone makers in the world’s most important market.
Though Xiaomi already sells internationally, next year will be the true test of whether it can continue its rise beyond China.
Shunning markets like the United States and Europe, Mr. Lei and Mr. Lin are looking at huge developing countries like Brazil and India.
In September 2013, the company hired Hugo Barra, an old friend of Mr. Lin’s from Google, to lead the company’s international expansion.
Using social media to spread word of product launches and parties, Mr. Barra has opened a number of markets in Asia.
Through its Hong Kong-listed subsidiary, Oceanwide has spent hundreds of millions on real estate in New York, Hawaii and Los Angeles.
One of the causes of the Asian emerging market crisis in 1997 was that countries in the region broke their peg with the yen.
I think that the spike in volatility that we’ve seen in the last 10 days is the precursor to further spikes.
Dalian Wanda Commercial’s take of 28.8 billion dollars, or $3.7 billion, is the most money a real estate company has raised in the public markets.
Companies can grow into their markets faster than ever before but that means they can reach saturation faster than ever before.
Some investors are concerned that the recent sharp drop in copper prices could lead to a downward spiral in the market. 
The copper market is reflecting a worst-case scenario that is unlikely to occur in a controlled economy such as China. 
He expects copper prices to bottom out in coming weeks and is looking to buy if the market keeps falling. 
Also, companies in emerging markets that have borrowed dollars will have to spend more their local currency to pay back their dollar debts.
Five years ago, marketers could get away with simply using the same ads they used globally and just translating the message.
Concerns are rife that too many businesses will saturate the market when IPOs do resume, and depress company valuations amid oversupply.
Mr. Wey refused to let the securities laws or the rules of fair marketplace get in the way of his dishonest scheme.
The slow sales of the iPhone in China are reflected in the overall shrinkage of the company’s share of the global smartphone market.
Even after introducing blockbuster hits like the iPod and the iMac, its premium computers still had a tiny sliver of the PC market. 
Apple and Samsung have seen their combined share of the worldwide smartphone market drop to 43 percent in the second quarter from 49 percent a year earlier. 
Apple's market share slipped into sixth place among smartphone makers there in the second quarter, with a share of only 4.8 percent. 
While a lower-cost iPhone would drive up Apple’s revenue, it would probably not be a blockbuster hit in economically disadvantaged markets.
It is hard to believe that the status of the job market has nothing to do with marriage gap among the middle class, the working class and the poor.
At the same time, a raft of homegrown companies, Alibaba among them, took over vast swaths of the growing Chinese market.
In its early years, eBay EachNet grew to command more than 70 percent of the Chinese e-commerce market for sales between consumers.
Every signal that the market is getting now suggest that we are going to continue to have an oil glut for some time to come.
It was one of the very first smartphones to ship with the fastest Qualcomm processor in existence, the Snapdragon 810. 
In addition to giants like Samsung, other Chinese smartphone makers like Lenovo and Huawei have big plans for markets like Southeast Asia.
One of the biggest barriers to entering the American smartphone market for Lenovo has been its lack of a strong patent portfolio. 
The company has put substantial effort into emerging markets, in part to keep up with Samsung’s growth in those areas. 
Just three years after being introduced in China, Weixin has nearly 300 million users.        
In retrospect, it's a miracle that anything worked in the late '90s given how limited the market was and given how expensive it was.
The company’s growth has slowed over the last few years in mature markets like the United States and parts of Europe.
The net effect of unconventional monetary policy in the U.S., U.K., Japan, and Europe on emerging-market bond flows since 2008 has been trivial.
Xiaomi’ve ever done into global markets by putting our best phone forward, by building a flagship phone designed just for India.
The shift had a salutary effect on the market, eventually allowing for the rise of Apple, Google and the mobile economy. 
Although the virtual currency might not find favor with China's central bank, people should be free to participate in the Bitcoin market.
Pebble got an early jump on the market with a watch that began shipping nearly a year ago, also is betting on software.
The company noted that smartphone sales were typically soft in the second quarter in China, the largest smartphone market in the world. 
Growth of the overall smartphone market has slowed over the last year, largely because many people who want a smartphone already have one. 
Any standards that do emerge are likely to apply to a single market,like home security or transportation,rather than to many industries.
Bill Moore is a past president of the National Demolition Association and marketing director of Brandenburg Industrial Services, a demolition company.
The saturated Chinese market ― more than 800 million people there use smartphones, according to IDC ― means fewer new buyers.
Those have rattled the current top sellers in India, the local company Micromax and the South Korean giant Samsung, according to analysts.
Underscoring the company's focus on Indian, he recently presided over an Apple-like blowout introductory event in New Delhi for its Mi 4i phone.
We have always been the first to identify the gaps in India and have worked toward addressing them, said by Micromax's chief executive, Vineet Taneja.
A presumption of safety, despite the reach and size of the threat, could open securities markets to a cyber "black swan’ event".
The deal will not reduce competition in any relevant market because our companies do not overlap or compete with each other.
Sales shrank 5.2 percent in the first eight months of 2013 from the same period last year, reaching the lowest level in decades.
Analysts say it needs to grow outside of its home market if it is to achieve the kind of scale it needs to flourish.
The market was reacting in part to a sharp downturn in the value of the dollar against the yen following the GDP news.
In the biggest disruption to the market in 15 years, Chrome last spring toppled Internet Explorer as the most popular browser in the world.
It now has 36 percent of the global market, while Internet Explorer’s share has dived to 31 percent, which tracks browser market share.
The PBOC introduced the SLOs as a new tool to adjust the supply of funds in the money market in January. 
It allows borrowing costs to soar also in a bid to rein in the riskiest types of lending among banks. 
In a market like this one where prices are rising, sales that are six months old may not reflect current values.
The Federal Reserve has exerted incredible influence over the markets in recent years, but now it wants to get back to normal. 
People who have been at Schwab a long time know that I was as bearish as they get on housing in '06.
Here is a roundup of reactions that Wall Street Journal reporters have been compiling in the wake of the Fed's move.
At the same time, yield-seekers will likely sell both the dollar and the yen in favor of the higher returns in emerging-market currencies.
In 2013, tapering caused a sharp rise in the 10-year U.S. Treasury note yield, which imparted a lot of volatility to financial markets. 
Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. are the dominant smartphone brands in the U.S. and in many other parts of the world.
It makes China a critical battleground for global smartphone brands at a time when growth is slowing in the U.S. and other mature markets.
Central banks in emerging markets have gone out of their way to accumulate rainy-day funds of dollars and other foreign currencies.
Except China, bank regulators in emerging markets have also imposed tougher lending regulations and kept shadow banking operations on tight leashes.
While emerging markets may face trouble from beyond their borders, in many of them spending at home has seldom been so strong.
It would also cause further erosion in the already falling world prices for emerging markets’ coal, copper, palm oil and other commodities.
Robert C. Kossar is the market director for New Jersey and Long Island operations for the brokerage firm Jones Lang LaSalle Americas.
Foreign investors have pulled some $4 billion out of Thai markets since the end of October, driving the baht currency down 5%.
By the time the Fed ultimately did decide in December to taper its bond purchases by $10 billion a month, markets essentially shrugged.
The real lesson from recent events is that the need for investors to discriminate between individual emerging markets has never been greater.
An index can take those into account and reflect them, so it seems that an iron-ore index is more likely to fare well in the market.
They have prompted global investors to shift billions of dollars out of financial markets from St. Paulo to Jakarta to Mumbai.
Results from academic studies show it is the second, because that indicates the founders have a better sense of market timing.
The Treasury's large amount of treasury money injected in the second half of 12 will significantly boost liquidity in the market.
It had become increasingly volatile with the drumbeat of bad economic data coming out of China and other parts of the world.
In 2011, it hoped to raise as much as US$6 billion before pulling the deal in the second half of the year as global markets sank.
The company is clinging to less than 5 percent of the smartphone market ― down from a dominating 50 percent just three years ago.
The market in Provence began to see asking prices lowered, sometimes by as much as 40 percent from their peak in 2008.
In order to grow its market share quickly, the company will focus on a broad portfolio of smartphones from low-end to high-end.
That dented confidence and made it harder to value companies because there weren't many newly listed companies to use as a benchmark. 
Buyers all over the country appear eager to get back in, lured by low interest rates and the prospect of a good deal.
Paul Smith had 20 minutes to sell the CEO of Procter & Gamble, and his team of managers, on new market-research techniques.
Ingo Winzer of Local Market Monitor is looking for price growth of about 7% over each of the next three years.
I know no case of a company coming from a highly fragmented home market such as China succeeding at going global.
They will place more priority on Latin America, Southeast Asia, Russia and even Africa before giving serious consideration to North America.
Both layoffs and claims for jobless benefits eased at year-end kindled optimism for the report to be released Friday by the Labor Department.
It doesn't mean the labor market will be back to normal but it's a major step along the way to normalcy.
Clues to the labor market's health can be found in the breakdown of temporary, part-time and permanent employment in December's report.
My fear is that the IPO market heats up too fast and both the retail market and the entrepreneurs start having unrealistic expectations again.
The limits to circulation will put a cap on China and other big reserve manager's capacity to trade in this market.
It’s financial smartphone app is widely found on Chinese handsets and the offerings include money-market-like investments and easy money transfers. 
The fragmentation of the Chinese app market makes links among app stores, online services, smartphone makers and network operators more important.
The country's unique tastes are a big reason for global auto makers' failure to thrive in the world's third largest auto-buying country.
But even if it turns out to be an attractive product in Japan, it would be hard to make it a universal and global product.
Analysts say China, like many other investors, stepped in to buy when the turmoil subsided in the latter part of October.
Last year's sell-off in emerging markets began as an indiscriminate rout of nearly all emerging markets after the Fed first signaled its plans.
Many emerging markets learned from the Asian crises in the late 1990s and the Latin American crisis in the early 2000s.
History shows that would likely stoke an investor flight to safety, rushing into U.S. debt and out of higher-risk emerging markets.
Because of its size, all fund managers with a global, emerging markets, Asian, consumer or tech mandate will be forced to look at the company.
It has become one of the most popular ways for foreign companies like Gap, Nike and Samsung to enter the Chinese market.
Mr. Hirai has embarked on a restructuring aimed at cutting costs in the electronics business and focusing on smartphones and other growth markets.
The reasons are a near-record spread between the prices for almost all kinds of steel in the U.S. and steel prices everywhere else.
While $599 and $1,500 aren’t cheap, Brendan Iribe felt there was still a broad market for the Rift at that price.
That decline in revenue, combined with flat sales, is particularly troubling at a time when the tablet market is still young and growing quickly.
That is far from the pace of the market: manufacturers are expected to ship 184.4 million tablets in 2013, up from 120 million last year.
It sent employees responsible for marketing, design and sales ― all key to building a brand ― to the factory floor.
This chance is to expand beyond its core gaming assets and into other lifestyle categories, as well as markets outside China.
The creation of the new fund is also a signals how those ambitions are being threatened by slowing growth and recent market turmoil.
The report showed that Apple increased its share of mobile phone sales in Japan to 34 percent in September from 14 percent in August.
Buying Supercell, which has produced a string of mobile game , would further bolster Tencent’s presence in the mobile game market. 
It plans to exercise its option to buy the space back in 2019 for $250 million, well below the probable market value.
In the emerging world, the Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF and the iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF both cost 0.18%. 
Those borrowers are in the subprime market who typically have experienced a credit setback in the past, like a personal bankruptcy.
To the vendors at one bustling food market in downtown Seoul, the prevalence of Chinese kimchi products is a reminder of China’s reach.
As cheap Chinese kimchi has flooded the market in South Korea, local producers have struggled to hold on to their business.
He declined to discuss specifics, but said his company had faced “some challenges” in the Chinese market in the last few years.
The contagion spread quickly to other emerging markets, leading some economists to call it the "biggest sell off in emerging market currencies since 2009”.
The fast-growing smartphone messaging application from China is now trying to expand in the U.S. market with a newly launched promotional campaign. 
The prospect of slowing economic growth and rising interest rates set off waves of volatile selling on markets around the world.
The extent of the intervention has put markets on a hair trigger for any hint of a change from the Fed.
The Fed may not be able to control the convulsions in the markets that Mr. Bernanke has already set off with his comments.
With a big bump in inventory, an influx of buyers have waited through the winter for those homes to appear on the market.
Several market participants suggested that the proposal was a long shot that was merely an attempt to legitimize the digital currency.
If another important Pollock were to come on the market in 2016, it would surely sell for more than $200 million.
2016 is going to be a challenging year for the art market, reflecting the volatility and uncertainty of the wider world.
We won’t see many records in 2016 if the auction houses let the market correct itself and there aren’t too many guarantees.
The government is trying to prevent a free fall in the currency by stepping into the markets and tapping its huge cash hoard to shore up the renminbi.
Shaun Rein, the founder of the China Market Research Group, said that companies don’t want renminbi and individuals don’t want renminbi.
China abruptly devalued the renminbi by 4 percent last August, as part of a shift to a more market-oriented approach and to help exporters.
The Middle Kingdom is now the world's largest car market, and the luxury audience there has a measurable preference for big grilles.
Toyota did show the latest version of the fuel-cell-powered sedan it hopes to start selling to the retail market in a few years.
This is to make it easier to hire international workers and to help fledgling firms to get access to London’s financial markets.
Emerging markets are coming off a year of terrible performance that stands out against a backdrop of rising asset prices and rising risk appetite almost everywhere else.
Investors who had put the excess cash to work in emerging markets--because the Fed's buying of Treasuries had pushed down yields--reversed gear.
The problem is you are going to lose more on the currency than you are going to gain on the investment.
In addition to announcing the resumption of I.P.O.’s, the authorities unveiled several changes meant to partly shift market oversight from an approval-based regime.
For companies like Fosun, overseas acquisitions are almost always approached with an eye on how they can be leveraged to tap the huge and fast-growing domestic market in China.
Moreover, as the country’s financial markets liberalize, Fosun will have more options as to how and where it can invest its float. 
Activity in Chinese financial markets and offshore yuan markets usually grinds to a halt during the holiday, which starts on Jan. 31 this year. 
Chinese firms are more likely to be accepted as "normal" players in global markets as a result of these new policies.
In today’s market, where land prices remain high, developers are compelled to find creative ways to justify the cost of a building.
What began as a concerted effort by the central bank to guide the currency lower is now being reinforced by market participants.
But the drop is also making it harder for foreign companies to compete in China and other markets where Chinese exporters have a significant presence.
The decline of renminbi's value meant that China was continuing to intervene and retreating from its policy of allowing the free market to determine the exchange rate.
When judged by the volatility of its returns, the portfolio has been more than three times riskier than the market as a whole.
But if you were confident that the market this coming year would be up more than 30%, you wouldn't need an adviser in the first place.
If financing institutions cannot produce accurate data during relatively benign times, they would be unlikely to do so during periods of market stress.
The Mercedes-Benz exploited its dominant position to impose controls on the price for parts and maintenance in the downstream post-sale market.
But higher costs for everything from wheat to soybeans to coffee could have an even greater impact on consumers in emerging markets.
The kind of volatility in China market over the last several days, and this has had an impact on markets in other countries.
A much cheaper renminbi could make it much harder for companies in Indonesia or South Korea to compete in world markets against Chinese rivals.
In subtle yet tangible ways, each is taking on characteristics of the other as they compete for well-heeled buyers in an ever-more-challenging residential marketplace.
The ECB seems to be hoping that burgeoning activity in the corporate bond market may be making up for lackluster bank lending. 
The ECB may yet have its hand forced by a deepening crisis in emerging markets, a sharp downgrade in inflation forecasts, or if the recovery shows signs of faltering. 
Phone calls and emails to ChinaVision Media and its financial adviser on the deal, Reorient Financial Markets, were not immediately returned.
I am pleased to see that Hong Kong plays an important role in the two-way opening up of the mainland’s capital market to the world.
Opening up China’s financial markets to the world is a central goal of the package of overhauls announced by President Xi Jinping.
It is fair to say that declining jobless rates in the U.K. and the U.S. greatly overstate the improvement in the labor market.
It used to be that if you were dealing with a buyer who was under 40, it wasn’t really in the luxury market.
Business could win big if China follows through on its pledges to give the market a greater role in the world's second-biggest economy.
General Motors Co.'s rival Camaro is just ahead in the Detroit pony car race, with sales of 75,552 vehicles through Nov. 30. 
A survey by Nielsen in September put penetration at 87%, equal to Singapore and ahead of the U.S. with 60%. 
Given the pace of emerging markets' growth over the past decade, it isn't hard to see why U.S. companies have done this. 
Right now, it looks like only those who have a yuan-trading platform in an offshore market will be able to take part.
Mark Follett is a head of high-grade debt capital markets in Asia, excluding Japan, at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 
Banks could take funds raised from the sale of such high-yield investment products and invest them in the interbank bond market.
Ford hoped to double its market share in China to 5 percent this year compared with the first quarter of last year.
Individual traders in the currency markets ― the British pound are expected to treat gains or losses as regular income for tax purposes.
The I.R.S. now, however, says that these miners must report the fair market value of the virtual currency as part of their income.
And so far, the damage being done to developing-market currencies and bonds is being amplified by fears about less Fed support.
Investors in the U.S. markets don't understand or bother to fully appreciate the business models of many companies operating in China.
The basic platform is on our MQB tool kit, which makes it highly flexible and adaptable to any market in which we sell.
But the need to keep the economy humming has made policy makers cautious about clamping down too hard on the property market.
Some economists and policy makers worry that such programs encourage excess in the market, and threaten to create a bubble in the housing market.
Using the exchange rate comparison is a better way to calculate the size of markets and the economic power of a country.
With the entry of Chinese investment banks into the city, Hong Kong's IPO market has seen an increased number of underwriters piling into IPOs.
China Grand Auto has now raised its fundraising size to US$1 billion from US$800 million amid rising car sales in China.
The founders of India's largest online marketplace by sales, Snapdeal.com, chose instead to take a page out of Alibaba Group's playbook.
Extensive government control over the banks and many businesses may allow Beijing to slow a slide in the real estate market.
Emerging markets turn to the gold in an effort to diversify away from the U.S. dollar and other paper currencies. 
All in all, we would say it looks slightly weaker and more stagnant than we would have thought a couple of months ago. 
The top of the to-do list is to stanch the deterioration in Fiat’s home market and fix a glaring hole in its Asia business.
Some emerging markets might need to raise interest rates further to get inflation and debt under control after years of easy-money policies. 
It is one of the most reliable trades in financial markets over the past four years: betting on gains in the Chinese currency. 
Last week's move has been enough to change attitudes about whether or not we have a one-way bet here in the yuan.
They should prepare for more volatility in the yuan's exchange rate as the country opens up its financial markets to the world. 
In these markets, it seems generally more attractive to rent than to buy, even as the national market is broadly well balanced.
Home buyers in even the highest-priced markets can take some solace in the fact that prices aren’t as outlandishly high relative to rents as they were in 2006. 
When we bought four years ago after the crash, the market was dead, and it felt like everybody learned their lesson.
Slowing growth in lending and a softer housing market may make it difficult for China to accomplish increased growth through government policies.
Investors seeking higher returns had flocked to emerging markets over the past few years but that is drying up now. 
Many portfolio managers are shifting away from the kinds of investments that did exceptionally well in 2013 but are vulnerable to large swings.
China aimed at letting market forces play a larger role in the economy so that it grows in a more sustainable and healthy way.
In the United States, PayPal flirted with a similar online money market fund product for years before closing it in 2011.
The risk is that a large chunk of the country's gargantuan savings pool could go offshore in search of better returns.
I wanted market participants to be sure that there is no need for Japanese markets to move in sync with the U.S. market.
A small producer of solar panels on Friday became the first company in recent history to default in China's domestic bond market. 
The G-20's plan also calls on emerging nations to tame the type of rampant inflation that India and Turkey have struggled to contain.
Anyone in the market for a luxury apartment in Hong Kong, London or Washington toward the end of last year was in luck.
The share of Japanese brands in the Chinese new car market rose to 19.7% in December, from a low of 7.6% in October 2012.
Global trade soared in the four decades after World War II without apparent negative effects on labor markets in rich countries.
Some Asian business leaders hope the region can escape largely unscathed from the broader troubles afflicting emerging markets this summer. 
Rising interest rates on Treasury securities and other American financial instruments are drawing money away from emerging markets around the world.
The Wall Street Journal asked him for his views on emerging Asia's resilience to a change in policy at the U.S. Federal Reserve.  
More than half of mainland visitors to Hong Kong in 2013 came from Guangdong, according to the market research firm Nielsen.  
The wholesale banks tend to borrow money a day or a week at a time at what are now extremely low interest rates in global capital markets.
The market only began to recover after OPEC decided to cut around 14% of its total output at an extraordinary meeting in December 2008.
We try to renovate a Victorian market and tack on some offices hip enough for Google in the oldest part of this ancient city.
They have put forth plans to refurbish the Victorian market along the lines of two other popular London markets, Covent Garden and Borough Market Hall.
The general market will be converted into a combination of shops and restaurants, with offices up to five stories high. 
These businesses are merely taking advantage of an arbitrage in the difference between the price for luxury cars in the United States and overseas markets.
The retailer has established itself as a significant force in its home market on the back of its expansive online shopping empire.
The price of a megawatt hour of electricity in the spot market run by the local grid operator was $47 at that point.
There are some things that may now be legal that should be illegal or that the markets have to be changed.
So far most of the headlines have come from Western regulatory inquiries into the activities of Western banks in Western markets.
China does remain the biggest allure of foreign capital despite moderating economic growth and concerns over bad debt in the system.
Income's growth has slowed over the last few years as the smartphone market has become saturated in the United States and parts of Europe.
The bank aims to fill it with staff who will help bring Chinese companies to Europe and serve China-focused European customers. 
More likely near-term policy adjustments may focus on the exchange rate as well as maintaining stable liquidity in the interbank market.
If you look at other markets, if you invest oil or steel, you will have a more consistent return on your investment.
She does not intend to change the Fed's gradual withdrawal from a bond purchase program designed to support markets and the economy.
It has stirred hopes that the way may now be clear for more established players to transform and rein in a largely unregulated market.
In June, an even more severe credit crunch sent the overnight lending rate as high as 30% on the interbank market. 
They generally feel a lot more comfortable about going into a new market once they have seen at least one large transaction go ahead.
Dalian Wanda’s purchase is representative of the bargains that investors from anywhere in the world can find in Spain’s battered property market.
What most people don't understand is that one out of every five homes being sold are being bought by single women.
After a lackluster start, Hong Kong's IPO market took off in the second half of this year with a number of multibillion-dollar deals. 
Critics on the right said the IMF was too quick to intervene in countries jarred by market instability during this period.
Israeli authorities should be more focused on the export market, which would have been hurt by interest rate hikes, than housing.
It is not possible to manage the economy, and interest rates, and the exchange rate, solely to address the needs of the housing market.
The BOE and the U.K. government will be desperate to see that this recovery broadens away from housing to manufacturing, business investment and exports. 
The Justice Department forced four of the banks to plead guilty to antitrust violations in the foreign exchange market as part of a scheme.
The market share of once-hot firms fell to just a quarter of cars sold in February, from nearly a third in 2010.
It is this focus on the premium end of the market that has enabled German companies to survive in markets flooded by low-cost Asian alternatives. 
The higher end of the market still cares about and is still ready and willing to pay a premium for good-quality products.
Daniel is a director at the market research firm Pell Research who has studied the pencil industry in the United States.
The housing crash left them with a land surplus so large that lots were selling for pennies on the dollar. 
Chinese domestic brands' market share in the country's passenger-vehicle market fell to 36.5% in May from 39.4% in the year-earlier period.
Fosun and the Mediterranean club management is the pursuit of the Asian market as the focus of the luxury business strategy.
The effort is aimed at making inroads in a crucial growth market by addressing one of the country's most vexing problems: "food safety".
In terms of marketing tone, the commercial real estate industry has long played the quiet cousin to the brasher residential business. 
In recent weeks, reduced sales and falling prices have prompted some local governments to consider easing curbs imposed earlier to cool the market.
Longer-term, Ford hopes to make Lincolns in China so it can better compete with market giants Audi AG, BMW AG and Mercedes-Benz.
Japanese car makers hoping to tap China's booming market for luxury cars also could be in for a spot of trouble.
Inflation will remain low and stable on account of low input prices, such as for food and energy, and soft demand. 
Disney's goal is to create an engine that will drive demand in China for a wide range of Disney productstoys. 
Mr Lew gave voice to broader fears among US officials that the rebound in the US could be curtailed by sluggish demand overseas.
Other factors weighing on Chinese steel demand include the forthcoming new year holiday, the decision to scrap a key export rebate.
But some analysts, like Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, questioned whether first-weekend sales were still a reliable measure for consumer demand.
Strong demand has nevertheless spurred auction houses to hold online-only sales and other auctions specifically for works from the margins of a great artist's career.
He told Vanity Fair, adding: “I saw problems and needs, so the next thing you think is: O.K., what are you going to do about it?”
Consumer demands for healthier food options, fewer artificial ingredients and more transparency in the food chain were until a few years ago met mostly by smaller innovative companies.
They are betting that someday soon people worldwide will turn to Bitcoin for their daily financial needs, and push the price much higher.
As the demand dwindles, steel price in China have fallen 12 percent in the first five weeks of this year, almost as much as in all of 2014.
Plunging demand and a worsening glut in production capacity have left Bohai Steel struggling to repay as much as $30 billion in debt.
As slowing growth and a property slump have reduced China’s demand for steel, the executives of Bohai Steel have lobbied for more support from banks.
In reality, however, cutting wages and spending in a depressed economy just aggravates the real problem  which is inadequate demand.
The demand is so great that last year,  reported auction revenues were up 900 percent over 2003 ― to $8.9 billion.
Five years after the fall of Lehman, the world economy is still depressed, suffering from a persistent shortage of demand. 
In the longer-run, some analysts expect this trend to lead to lower demand for iron ore and other inputs for steel production. 
Hong Kong-based Yuen Wong opened a Tmall store with two partners in May, to tap Chinese consumers' growing demand for Western-branded goods.
Gauging demand for his products is tough, because he can't control how prominently his storefront appears in search results on Tmall.
The rule says that banks can build up positions to meet “the reasonably expected near-term demands of clients, customers, or counterparties.”
The creation would likely facilitate financial investment by Korea to China in yuan, meeting pent-up demand in Korea for Chinese financial assets.
The growth target is likely to miss its full-year 7.5% export growth target given weak global demand and rising competition from emerging markets.
It is not just as a theme park but as a creator of demand in China and Southeast Asia for the company’s movies, toys, clothes, video games and so on.
At the same time, demand for dairy products from Chinese consumers continues to increase at a greater pace than domestic production.
Such is the demand for pier space that the harbor authorities are contemplating construction of an additional pier in the next bay.
The combination of rising exports and falling production implies taht Chinese domestic steel demand is falling even faster that assumed. 
China's housing sales fell 9.2% in the year's first half, and construction accounts for more than half of steel demand. 
To be sure, UBS's fact finding trip does not consider the impact of financial reforms on demand for gold used in ETFs. 
If a policy with the service-day approach were to fit a client's needs best, he recommends simply buying one of these riders.
February's surprise fall in Chinese exports may have less to do with the strength of foreign demand than with changing perceptions of the Chinese yuan.
The metal's widespread use makes it a good indicator of whether business activity in the world's second-biggest economy is speeding up or slowing. 
I don't know that we'll see an end to the decline until we start to see demand, and demand in particular from Chinad.
The U.S. could try to reverse the slide in its share of FDI by focusing on what multinationals are seeking. 
Clobbered by a collapse of oil prices driven by a combination of faltering global demand and increased supplies from the United States and elsewhere.
It isn't clear whether either trend will be enough to cool down the house market in the face of strong demand to buy homes. 
It’s example of how the Samsung Electronics is willing to make just about anything in any size to see what sticks with consumers.
The volume of air packages in the UPS system did exceed capacity as demand was much greater than our forecast. 
I don’t think you can spoil with too much attention to what your kids are doing and thinking and suffering from.
But strong demand in other parts of the world ― like China, Latin America and Russia ― kept the overall sales trajectory headed up.
It is a tablet/laptop hybrid that, unlike its predecessor and competitors, may put a dent in the demand for powerstrips in my house.
This is one of the reasons why Mr. Gates is looking for a home for the demonstration plant in rich and energy-hungry China.
Their companies are well positioned to understand the local market and cater to the needs of specific types of Chinese consumers.
A large instant-noodle factory is running full tilt to meet the demand for convenience food from Indonesia’s large and growing middle class.
The contrast in many emerging markets between signs of a looming currency crisis and strong domestic demand is visible around the world.
The aim is to recover balance and let strong domestic demand for products like cars, electronics and instant noodles carry their economies forward again.
Growth in China’s economy now adds twice as many dollars to annual global demand as growth in the United States economy.
You can’t just manipulate a buyer into buying something that you want them to buy if it doesn’t meet their needs.
The primary reason is intense competition and the shrinkage in demand, the result in turn of cannibalization caused by the rapid penetration of smartphones.
The mill, which was owned by RG Steel LLC, shut down two years ago because of high labor costs and a lack of demand on the East Coast.
Russian and Latin American demand has decreased, leading Bombardier to announce in May that it would slash 1,750 business-jet division jobs.
Rebalancing growth in countries such as China and Germany to boost domestic demand is a key goal of international economic policy.
Developers and builders are responding to a rising demand not just from young adults but also from the larger population of Americans.
Stronger growth in the U.S. and Europe's exit from recession last year are feeding through into stronger demand for Asia's exports.
Demand from Brazil is increasing, and we are going to see a big wave of buyers coming right after the elections in a few weeks.
Their specialization in areas like smartphones and tablets are seeing stronger demand than more traditional electronic items like PCs made in Southeast Asia.
Many property owners demand long leases for office spaces, which does not match the needs of start-ups, which can either grow or flop in a short period of time.
The changing makeup of China's foreign oil suppliers is one example of how weaker demand from major buyers in the U.S., Europe and Japan is reshaping global trade flows. 
China's apparent oil demand--net imports of refined oil products combined with the amount of crude processed by refineries--also has been slowing.
Weaker manufacturing in China has meant less trucking, one factor that has led to a slump in demand for diesel. 
Slowing economic growth and oil demand is part of why China's government is allowing its oil companies to sell more refined fuels abroad. 
It is characterized by large, state-owned companies acquiring companies controlling strategic resources to meet China’s growing demand for energy and raw materials.
On top of existing borrowers' refinancing needs, Chinese companies and banks are also tapping offshore funds, which are cheaper than onshore funding.
For China, the move to allow the yuan to be used more freely abroad aims to boost demand for the currency.
But the data also indicated that the real demand from the economy is still robust, though manufacturing PMI pointed to another direction.
Ms. Ma said the trade data reflected that external and internal demand were strong, which spurred demand of credit in January.
Mr. Draghi said that domestic demand was getting stronger, and low inflation was being driven by food and energy prices. 
Moving more rural residents to cities will lead to apartment purchases, trips to furniture stores and demand for other trappings of modern life.
He is simply looking to profit from the growing demand in China for cars from the likes of BMW and Range Rover.
Part of the reason for the easing is that the People's Bank of China appears to be providing ample liquidity to banks for their funding needs. 
Even as new cement plants continue to open, there are worries that China’s demand for cement might start to slow. 
The project is coming to market at a time when rental rates are under pressure from slipping demand and a surge of new supply.
In the early 1990s, demand for space was so tight that many foreign companies had to set up shop in hotels.
After screening new starts, inventory and historical demand data of 40 cities and key regions in China, we make a conclusion.
The new booms are taking place in markets where restrictions on building hinder developers from responding to rising demand by constructing more housing. 
Retail facilities in the New Territories, in particular those along the railway and near the border, are expected to remain in demand.
Part of the problem for buyers is that new supply isn’t growing fast enough to meet the demand for apartments priced at $1 million or less.
China is aiming to build companies that can feed the ever-growing need for food and gasoline to fuel the country's rising middle class. 
Builders across the country spent decades feeding acre after acre of raw land into the maw of demand for single-family homes. 
The biggest reason for the current good state of the economy is the fact that economic stimulus has significantly lifted public demand.
Growth in residential property prices across large and medium size Chinese cities slowed further in March as lending limits and discounts undercut demand.
Cheung Kong said it will buy 45 aircraft outright and buy a 60% stake in joint venture with an arm of Japan’s Mitsubishi Corp.
The Chinese stock market hit a seven-year high on June 12 but has tumbled more than 20 percent in the past two weeks.
The 21 brokers contributing to a market stabilisation fund would not sell stocks as long as the Shanghai Composite index remained below 4,500. 
The sell-off comes at a critical juncture for China’s economy, which is growing at its slowest rate in almost 25 years. 
We are now able to resolve troubled banks easily by converting loss-absorbing debt into equity or even winding them up. 
There are exchange rules in Chinese stock market that are supposed to guard against too much misery in a single trading session. 
At least a third of the companies listed on the major stock exchanges had trading in their shares suspended on Wednesday.
The stock market is far bigger than it has ever been, second in size only to that of the United States.
By the time the market peaked, in early June, share prices in China were among the most expensive in the world.
A new rule imposed late by the securities regulator ban investors with shareholdings of more than 5 percent in a company from selling shares. 
China’s stock market rout began in mid-June following a clampdown on margin finance — the use of borrowed money to buy shares.
That has led to a rapid unwind of leveraged trades, a process many believe is still far from reaching its end.
Any gambler who has spent time in the casinos of Macau knows what is going on with the wild volatility in the Chinese stock markets. 
The average lifespan of a corporation listed on the S&P index has already dropped from about 60 years to 18. 
Based on their stock prices this month, the five giants are always in the top 10 most valuable American companies of any kind.
The performance of the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index in five of the last seven years would drop by about 1 percentage point.
If seen as a group, Apple shares declined by 6 percentage points to 56 percent from 62 percent excluding the growth in 2009.
SoftBank announced last week that it had agreed to buy a 51 percent stake in a Finnish mobile game company for $1.5 billion.
There’s no way a Deutsche Telekom or a Verizon could spend $1.5 billion for half of a small game company in Finland.
This is a potential indication that the recent slowdown and stock market turmoil could spill over into the strategically important tech sector.
These measures includes issuance of preferred shares and novel 'Basel III' bonds designed to absorb losses in the event of a crisis.
Before the latest bank rally, there was a case to be made that extraordinarily low bank valuations--well below book value--baked in such grim scenarios.
That is to say, global stock, bond and especially commodity markets have, in the first three weeks of the year, swung in ways that suggest this is a perilous time.
The Standard & Poor’s stock index closed down 1.2 percent Wednesday after dropping more than 3 percent earlier in the day.
The broad S.&P. is down 9 percent so far in 2016, and stock indexes in many emerging economies are down even more.
In the summer and fall of 2011, markets were tumbling on fears that the union using the euro currency would dissolve.
One piece of evidence for this theory: Bank stocks have fallen even more in 2016 than the stock market over all.
The stock and bond markets were more prescient about the looming recession in the United States than the consensus view of economists.
The challenge for investors is to determine whether the stock market moves of the last few weeks represent the rational kind of fear.
But the big issue with an LLC is determining how much of a discount can be claimed on each share. 
The Olympic Games in 2008 fueled a major construction boom and offered the Chinese capital a chance to build world-class hotels.
Boutique hotels are also becoming a trend in Beijing, said Austin Zhu, the manager of the Beijing office of the travel company Abercrombie and Kent.
Banks are forced to rely much more on money from their owners and shareholders to finance their loans and investments. 
The proposed regulations in the United States would still allow even the largest bank holding companies to borrow up to 95 percent. 
Nothing suggests that banks couldn’t do what they do if they financed,for example, 30 percent of their assets with equity (unborrowed funds).
A bank cannot persuade investors to buy its shares at any price because its assets are too opaque, unsteady or overvalued.
It would sell its businesses in mainland China and Hong Kong for $2.08 billion to Citic, a state-owned conglomerate, and the Carlyle Group, a private equity firm.
It was later learned the trading records and account statements were fabricated and that Madoff never bought a single share of the stocks he claimed.
He teaches this point in the current letter with a discussion of the conglomerates that sprung up in the 1960s and became the hot stocks of the moment. 
Jack Perkowski is the managing partner of the Beijing-based consulting firm JFP Holdings, and also a veteran of China’s car sector.
Financial services, by contrast, grew 8.1 percent ― only half as fast as during the peak of the stock market boom last year.
The logic of this deal is hard to follow not least because Shanda paid a premium to the market price for the Legg shares.
When the private equity firm EQT was selling a German company that generates energy from waste matter, eight interested parties from the mainland showed up.
In the end, the business sold for 1.43 billion euros to Beijing Enterprises Holding, a conglomerate listed in Hong Kong with three business lines: gas, beer and sewage treatment.
China Mobile owns 40% of the newly established firm, while China Unicom is taking a 30.1% stake and China Telecom holds 29.9%.
Camfin will sell its 26.2 percent stake in Pirelli to China National Tire and Rubber Company, or C.N.R.C., for 15 euros a share.
The new company will hold the Pirelli stake and initiate a takeover bid for all of Pirelli’s outstanding stock, offering 5 a share.
China National Tire and Rubber will control the new company, while the Camfin investors will own as much as 49.9 percent of its capital.
Camfin first confirmed on Friday that it was in talks with an “international industrial partner” to sell its stake in Pirelli.
As part of the deal, Rosneft will exit its ownership in Camfin and receive a direct stake in the newly formed Italian company.
It is expected to seek to integrate Pirelli’s industrial tire business with assets of China National Tire and Rubber and with the Fengshen Tires Stock Company.
Do you keep trying to expand on your own, pushing into larger retailers, or do you sell to a major toy maker?
Alipay was prepared to submit its license application in early 2011, Alibaba said in a newly added part in its amended IPO filing.
With stakes in the likes of Sprint and Alibaba Group of China and in a welter of start-ups in the United States and abroad.
HONG KONG ― Global investors in two weeks will get direct access for the first time to the stock market in the Chinese city of Shenzhen.
The company went public at the height of China’s share market frenzy, as speculative investment in stocks became the national hobby.
The timing was announced Friday by the stock market operator in the nearby city of Hong Kong that will serve as the way point.
The move is partly intended to give Baofeng, the rest of the Shenzhen market and Chinese stocks over all a shot in the arm.
It allows investors in Hong Kong ― a Chinese city long open to foreign investors to buy and sell shares in Shenzhen, and vice versa.
The main Shanghai share index has entered a bull market, having rallied more than 20 percent from its lows in January.
In the case of Coach, stocks that trade in New York tend to be denominated in much larger face values than shares listed in Hong Kong.
HDR enables the company to offer equity in smaller amounts, with a single HDR representing just one-tenth of a Coach share.
Trading volumes of depositary receipts in Hong Kong tend to be low, with most trading of the stock concentrated in the company's home market.
McDonald’s Japan, which is half owned by the US group, now expects its first annual loss in 11 years, totalling Y17bn ($144m).
In one sign of the mania, 5,600 works attributed to Qi Baishi came on the market in 2011, up from 381 works in 2000.
In a post on its website, Norinco said each of the two would hold a stake of 50 percent in Qianxun Weizhi Internet.
As a part of its efforts to shore up its share price, Alibaba would authorize a $4 billion share buyback program over two years.
This raises the question of whether the global economy and stock markets are due for a lurch downwards later this year.
Money managers would show you in the past stocks have produced total returns of about 10% a year over the long term and bonds, about 5%.
Money invested in a balanced fund of stocks and bonds at certain points in the past,ended up losing money for many years.
For example, from the 1920s through the early 1990s stock investors collected an average annual return of 4% just from their dividends.
Back in the 1950s, U.S. stocks traded at an average of about 11 times the previous year's earnings, according to analysts.
If stocks were to fall back to valuations considered normal in the 1950s, the Dow Jones would be about 10000, not 16400.
If you had invested in stocks when these indicators said stocks were cheap, you did very well indeed over the next 10 or 20 years.
The German bank is also now off the hook should Hua Xia bank need shareholders’ help in shoring up its balance sheet.
Under a new rule, trading stops for 15 minutes when stocks' losses hit 5 percent, a measure known as a circuit breaker.
Cinda had also brought in strategic investors, selling a 16.5 percent stake in April 2012 for 10.4 billion renminbi to four strategic investors.
The company said it would spend more than $500 million in a deal with the Beingmate Baby and Child Food Company, a Chinese manufacturer of infant formula.
The story of stocks this year is that the 'the market pulled forward expectations of rising ratesand pushed them back again. 
Berkshire is a major shareholder of the Washington Post Company and Mr. Buffett was on the board for many years, until 2011.
In the 12 months through May, Chinese stocks available to mainland investors soared 119 percent in Shanghai and 121 percent in Shenzhen.
Overseas investment firms face restrictions on buying stocks in Shanghai and Shenzhen as well as on moving funds to and from mainland China.
In the last six weeks obviously you’ve had a lot of direct intervention into the market in terms of actually buying shares.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV, the Turin, Italy-based is holding company of the iconic American car maker Chrysler and owner of the Jeep brand.
China's forays into Italian stocks were pssibly done by fund managers from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, not the PBOC itself.
Asian and European central banks - or their independent money manager agents, such as SAFE - have been quietly building diversified stock portfolios.
Russian stock market tells that, despite Russia's relatively high income and wealth of natural resources, it still has a room for improving.
Its stock market's valuation, measured by the past performance ratio, hasn't once in the past decade matched the average of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.
A 50 percent stake in The Economist Group, which includes CQ Roll Call, has been put up for sale by the education company Pearson.
And trust shares, which control transfer of “A” and “B” shares, and are held by trustees including the Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt.
Large banks that enjoy forms of taxpayer backing should not use customer money to make bets on the direction of stocks and bonds.
In a lackluster year for many hedge funds, the standouts piled into stocks early and pressed their bets as markets climbed.
Investors must be mindful of whether fund managers are tempted to take chances on stocks rather than hedge their risks, said Alper Ince.
The firm also bought up sectors such as Japanese real estate and U.S. bank stocks, while betting against the yen and some retailers.
The offer is contingent on shareholders’ agreeing to sell at least 67 percent of the company’s shares, as well as on regulator approval.
In the war for the Chinese Internet, messaging giant Tencent is taking the battle to rival Alibaba's territory as never before. 
Tencent, a leader in online messaging and gaming, said Monday it will pay $215 million for a 15% stake in online retailer JD.com. 
The policies are prompting global investors to seek better places to get a return on their money ― like dollar-based stocks and bonds.
A long stretch of unusual calm in the stock market gave way to a succession of violent swings in the third quarter.
With or without the Fed’s help, enough happened in the third quarter to leave owners of stock funds feeling a bit twitchy.
Shareholders in international stock funds used the third quarter mainly as an opportunity to sell, driving the average one down 10 percent.
At some point, perhaps in the first quarter, emerging stock markets will be cheap enough to present a low-risk buying opportunity.
Thursday priced its initial public offering at the top of its price range, at HK$3.58 a share, to raise US$2.5 billion.
Cinda buys bad debt from banks at a discount and converts it into equity stakes in companies such a real estate developers and coal miners.
Cinda said if the retail tranche was more than 100 times oversubscribed it would allot 20% of the total offer to retail investors, from the initial 5%.
The Chinese stock market rout in recent weeks has prompted the country’s government to act aggressively to stop the slide. 
10% of the limit-down mechanism combined to keep 44.4 percent of all Chinese stocks from trading for the full session Tuesday. 
Taking such stocks out of play has probably locked a number of skittish investors into investments they are trying to sell. 
It’s clear the Chinese government is nervous that a continued market rout will wipe out its citizens’ wealth and stoke discord. 
The people who have lost money in the last month are those who plowed money into Chinese stocks just in the last few months.
If you look at a slightly longer time horizon, the kind of volatility in Chinese stocks witnessed over the last year isn’t that uncommon. 
In the long run, stock price volatility has been relatively large, 2010 to 2013 in a relatively steady rise in the state.
The Chinese market experienced much larger swings during its 2007 boom, 2008 bust and 2009-2010 resurgence than the rest of the world. 
Are Chinese stocks falling toward a fair price relative to their earnings and growth rates or out of control and overshooting with further to fall?
If an investor paid the equivalent of about $10 for a share of stock, he would offered $1 per share in annual earnings. 
It means the same dollar in earnings that cost $10 a year ago now cost an investor in those stocks $26. 
A rise in Chinese share prices in the last year seemed to be driven more by investor psychology rather than by anything fundamental. 
It authorized state-controlled banks to pump out more loans to prevent the economy from sagging even further, as the housing market has stalled.
Anxiety around Chinese real estate has fueled a withdrawal from equity markets in Hong Kong and China even as Western markets soar to record levels this year.
Years of easy money from central banks have helped inflate the prices of just about everything an investor can buy, like stocks or property.
The deal was appealing to PAG, in part because the new owners hope to raise the profile of Lexmark printers in the Chinese marketplace.
While no one is saying yet that the flood of investment has created an asset bubble similar to that of 2008.
Questions were raised as both the customer that dropped the orders and Fujian Grand Chip are related to state-controlled investment firms.
The shift in focus from merely surviving to making better cars more efficiently may convince more investors to lean into GM's stock.
The biggest of these was an initial public offering by China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co. Ltd. in September which raised $1.5 billion.
In a statement Wednesday, Citic Pacific claimed it signed a framework agreement and is in early talks to buy its parent's operating company.
Citic Pacific announced unaudited assets at the company it is in talks to acquire, Citic Limited, were worth about 225 billion yuan.
State-owned Bright Food Group Co. said Thursday it is finalizing an agreement to take a 56% stake in Israel's Tnuva Food Industries Ltd.
Foreign investors including private-equity firm KKR & Co. and Danish dairy giant Arla Foods have piled in to China's dairy industry.
The cornerstone investors had agreed to purchase as much as 62 percent of the shares and hold them for at least six months.
The parent company was one of the first shareholding companies in China, incorporated in Dalian in 1992 under the leadership of Mr. Wang.
In September,Nguyen Tan Dung pledged to raise the cap on foreign ownership in local banks to 49 percent from 30 percent.
Time and time again, the index has rarely stayed under 2000 for long, despite the poor performance of China's stocks since the global financial crisis in 2008. 
It is widely viewed as the limit of Beijing's tolerance of how far a bearish mood can extend in a market dominated by retail investors. 
Two years ago, Sequoia was approached by secondary market shareholders who wanted to sell Facebook shares at a $25 billion valuation. 
Alibaba plans to use the bulk of that new money to buy back a 20 percent stake in itself from Yahoo for $7.1 billion. 
Alibaba's financing round includes a $1.5 billion sale of convertible preferred shares, based on a $43 billion equity valuation for the company.
Yet because the sale of preferred shares and common shares are subject to certain discounts, Alibaba is still expected to pay close to the original amount.
Yahoo will sell back another 10 percent of Alibaba shares when the Chinese company goes public and divest itself of the rest at later date.
Alibaba has long sought to buy back Yahoo's interest in itself, though attempts to reach an agreement fell apart many times. 
Nearly a dozen investors, including hedge funds, sovereign wealth funds, mutual funds and private equity firms, will buy the preferred shares. 
Mr. Gong said on Monday, as he watched a board of flickering stock prices at a brokerage firm in downtown Shanghai.
The association did not specify whether the fund would be allowed to use its initial purchases of shares as collateral to borrow money.
Excessively rapid rises and falls in the stock market are not conducive to the stable and healthy development of the market.
It registered in the United States this month to issue up to $250 million worth of securities, without specifying the type of shares.
The market value of all stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index increased by $282 billion in the 12 months through June.
Hunan Valin Iron & Steel Co. would be equal to the one held by the mid-sized Chinese mill's parent, Valin Group. 
Since then, proposals to lift the ban -- largely coming from Chinese steelmakers hopeful for injections of foreign capital and know-how -- have surfaced every few years. 
In 2014, NSO Group sold a majority stake to San Francisco-based private equity firm Francisco Partners Management LLC for $120 million.
Shares in Alibaba, in New York, and in Tencent, traded in Hong Kong, have both declined over the last two days.
Bridgewater has applied for a foreign investment license from Chinese regulators, so that it can invest directly in the country’s stocks.
Behemoths such as Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd. and Bank of China Ltd. are much stronger and better run because of their IPOs.
There have been about 60 trades since the gray market for Alibaba's IPO was launched at the start of the week.
Alibaba  makes it one of the largest ever in the U.S., when it sells at least 10% of itself in the offering.
Regulators announce at the end of November that they would re-open the pipeline of nearly 800 companies hoping to go public.
Shanghai Composite Index was lower at 2207.37 on Dec. 2 on concerns that a glut of new shares would swamp the market.
Four years ago, the Chinese search giant Baidu bought a majority stake in one of China’s biggest travel booking sites. 
Mr. Wey falsified the sales, volume, demand and price of the shares of the companies they took public, according to the charges. 
Mr. Wey would then manipulate the share price of the companies he took public by trading between various family accounts. 
There is little explanation in the filing of how the company plans to pull together its new holdings to attract users.
The company said in the filing it would continue to make investments in digital media, mobile services, logistics and other areas.
Analysts say Tencent could turn WeChat into a broader platform for offering a wide range of services, including mobile games or even e-commerce.
That is borrowing enough so that it owned $160 of 'cheap, safe, quality stocks' for every $100 of portfolio value. 
Their 'betas' is a measure of the extent to which their prices move in lock step with the overall market. 
After 20 years at Western multinationals such as Coca-Cola Co. and Nike Inc., Wayne Chen was offered a senior management role at China Vanke Co.
Several people added that despite the fact that tech companies like Uber and a number of private equity firms are interested in this project.
Initial public offerings were also ways to compensate employees and founders who owned lots of stock, but there are now novel mechanisms.
Such as selling shares on a secondary market for insiders to cash in on some of their shares in private companies.
The main reason for the sharp fall in the stock and stock markets was the information released by Greece and Puerto Rico.
In China, meanwhile, the precipitous declines in its stock market were also a sobering reminder that stubborn problems lurk in the global economy.
Asian stock markets slumped on Monday as Greece’s financial difficulties triggered worry about possible broader harm to the global financial system.
For Yahoo, the initial public offering of stock in the Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group will unlock the door to a giant trove of cash.
The agreement was amended last year to require Yahoo to sell less than half its stake ― or 9 percent of Alibaba.
Analysts predict that Yahoo will spend a large portion of the proceeds from the Alibaba stock sale to buy back shares of Yahoo.
The buyback would in theory make the company's shares more valuable because each remaining share would have a slightly bigger claim on Yahoo's business.
It has been on a buying spree, snapping up stakes in chemical, machinery and transport companies domestically and outside China. 
It will lift its total stake in the logistics business to 24.1 percent once the notes are converted into shares. 
The investor, Peter Deutsch, have the power to force the network equipment maker, with higher than the market value of his holdings repurchase.
The benefits includes health care, 401 contributions and the chance to buy company stock, as well as Apple products, at a discount.
Huawei Technologies Co. to team up with private-equity firm Bain Capital LLC to acquire U.S. network technology firm 3Com Corp. failed.
Contemporary art values make the fund the house's third-largest shareholder at a time when Sotheby's stock fell below $10 a share.
A surging stock market and run-up in home values have helped Americans recoup nearly all the wealth they lost in the recession.
The surge in mobile usage has also led to huge interest in mobile game developers listed on the Chinese stock markets.
Apple reported net income of $8.82 billion, or $9.32 a share, up from $7.31 billion, or $7.79 a share, in the period a year earlier.
The figures were above the $8.68 a share in profit and $34 billion in revenue that Apple had previously forecast for the quarter.
Mr. Zuckerberg planned “to sell or gift no more than $1 billion of Facebook stock each year for the next three years.
His revenue is likely to jump more than 20 percent, to $4 billion, according to an average of equity analysts’ estimates.
