The job market has fallen into a long malaise.
Many emerging markets have such worries.
It contrasted with declines among most emerging market currencies.
That reduced the appeal of emerging markets.
It gained 38.3 percent of the market. 
Google was once a leading search engine in China.
Competition is always good for us and consumers.
John Drengenberg is a consumer safety director at UL.
At the consuming news and commentary about live events.
The sky-high prices suggest irrational exuberance. 
It provides generous subsidies for consumers.
First, state planners badly miscalculated consumer demand. 
Chinese consumers seem to be believers. 
Customers lined up in stores for it.
The push into consumer products is relatively new for Huawei.
Customers are allowed to post comments.
It seems some consumers are starting to feel upgrade fatigue.
Consumer confusion with BellyBeats is inevitable.
It's the first successful consumer Web browser.
Lenovo' brand name is less widely known among consumers.
In the United States last year, consumers spent $1.6 billion.
At the stations, a consumer swipes a credit card.
We look at the perception of consumers.
Customers switched to cheaper iPhone SEs.
The newer markets like India buy hardly any iPhones.
Customers can initiate these services without even touching iPhone.
Consumers can experiment with Watson.
Consumers can build an app.
More homegrown companies have stepped up to serve local consumers.
Shoppers should wait until prices fall further.
Consumers are buying increasingly large TV sets.
Many consumers are encountering the 4K phenomena.
It won’t be available to consumers until June.
Consumers reacted with a collective shrug.
Nokia's phones have fallen out of favor with consumers. 
A court ruling said consumers could make such requests.
Actually, repeat customers get more.
Consider millennial shopping habits.
Such tests are generally interpreted by doctors or genetic counselors.
Most consumers want that to change.
We’ve dramatically reduced consumption of heart-damaging trans fats
We need to cut back on grains, period.
Chicken itself is now slightly more popular than beef.
Our consumption of fish has remained relatively flat.
Consumers are not content to switch to artificial sweeteners.
Can you guess which aspect consumers consider most important?
Consumers and operators are not messed with.
They tailor themselves for public consumption and get feedback.
These will be supplemental devices for the consumer.
They thinked that they really understood exactly what consumers wanted.
The first models of Nokia phones failed to excite consumers.
They will soon emerge as the dominant force.
Buyer protections weren’t an ingrained part of consumerism.
Chinese carriers don’t generally subsidize the handset price for consumers.
Consumers Union has approached the issue with caution.
Consumers are increasingly confused by the blurring lines.
Track your spending with an app or old-fashioned notebook.
They can track your spending and investments.
People buy a lot of 4K sets.
You get a pretty solid piece of consumer advice.
Lower prices attract buyers despite the lack of new content.
Chinese consumershave driven the buying so far. 
That gives consumers the impression.
Consumers are using TVs not just to watch network fare.
Expensive phones are now considered boring.
Chinese shoppers bought 1.84 trillion yuan of merchandise in 2013.
It provides credit ratings on consumers.
They hope to shift greater importance to consumer demand.
Uber is good for consumers.
It includes fluency in corporate and consumer markets. 
Amazon once entirely focused on consumers.
The study tracks how youth consume media.
Sajjad Altaf is an information technology consultant in Findlay, Ohio.
The service was nicknamed iRadio by the technology press.
He is treated like a celebrity in technology circles.
It can do things other technology suppliers cannot.
That is true even when compared to older technologies.
Smartisan features a hammer in its logo.
Smartisan's business model does borrow from Xiaomi.
He is not the only economist forecasting slower progress.
This doesn’t seem to have bothered the tech writers
For technological innovation, 2013 was a remarkably boring year.
All right, tech industry.
The Chinese tech industry is fast-moving.
Tech wizards haven't placed a sensor or a screen. 
Heapsylon's Sensoria high-tech clothing does the same.
The speech underscored its new position in the tech world.
Is this another tech bubble?
Any aspect of the tech economy is overdone.
The echnology, well-placed, opens up design possibilities.
Technical skills are no longer just for IT professionals. 
Every job if not already, will be technical.
I had always been interested in tech and websites.
Traditional retailers and other offline services aren't tech-savvy. 
Foxconn Technology Group is a Taiwanese manufacturer.
Ruby Alamsyah is an independent technology analyst in Jakarta.
The Sonoma Breeze SB-100 comes with three high-tech filters.
Few in tech publicly supported Mr. Trump.
Pierre M. Omidyar is the tech billionaire. 
It would cover sports, business, entertainment and technology.
Everyone in the market is seriously thinking about wearable technology.
Technology is only an auxiliary ways.
The tech workers have, rightly or wrongly, received the blame.
Late last month, two tech millionaires opened the Battery club.
The technology boom has bred hostility.
The technology boom has also brought San Francisco undeniable benefits.
The technology sector helps to creat jobs.
The technology sector nourishes a thriving economy.
At open houses, they were competing with young tech workers.
There are some 20-something “tech bros” on the bay.
Mission District is a destination for the tech elite.
Justin Lee is a technology analyst at BNP Paribas.
Kenichi Sugai is a technology analyst at Speeda.
Wu Yao-hsun is the chairman of Super Dragon Technology.
Super Dragon is building its third warehouse here. 
The advances have spread beyond technology waste.
Amazon’s Kindle is a tech-industry miracle.
Uisee Technology has significant ambitions.
I think I'll stick to the high-tech in 21st-century.
All this technology has been demonstrated successfully on animal models.
To borrow a favorite tech-industry slight, eggs can't scale.
What would a nontechie nongamer do with virtual reality?
Crops and foods are improved through biotechnology.
DO IT YOURSELFIt's not rocket science.
Such techies were known as cypherpunks. 
They work in the area's growing high-tech industry.
In recent years, technological breakthroughs.
Technology would create as many jobs as it destroyed.
New technologies have also long complemented people’s skills.
Clearly, many workers feel threatened by technology.
It is very hard to be a broad-based tech conglomerate.
Scientists announced the news on Thursday.
Japan center casts doubt on stem cell breakthrough.
Such cells have been highly controversial among scientists.
Scientists long to study the stratosphere at close range. 
James G. Anderson is a climate scientist at Harvard.
More asteroid strikes are likely, scientists say.
Scientists just discovered the oldest human fossil.
Andrew Y. Ng is a Stanford computer scientist.
That impressed investors and computer scientists.
Scientists discover 715 new planets.
The Kepler scientists study how planets form around stars.
Brian Langner is senior speech scientist at ToyTalk.
Scientists had discovered direct evidence of gravitational waves.
Years later, scientists discovered that the universe was expanding.
The scientists placed plant cuttings in water.
Monkeys built to mimic autism-like behaviors may help humans.
Scientists have genetically engineered monkeys.
The scientists were seeking to mirror. 
The scientists considered an example of repetitive behavior. 
The scientists said reflected autism-like anxiety.
In some circumstances monkeys could help scientists better understand it.
Liu Chuanzhi is a computer scientist.
She is a neuroscientist.
Three scientists include two American and one German.
The three scientists worked together and separately.
The three scientists will split a prize of $1.1 million.
They improved on the other two scientists’ method.
Scientists observed which ideas spread and which didn’t.
Scientists reported it on Sunday.
Scientists can use the genetic information.
Back in the laboratory, there was a genetic eureka.
Last month, scientists went back to find them. 
Two teams of scientists published studies on Sunday.
The scientists could not say how the transformations happened. 
The scientists produced a supply of the protein.
The scientists injected the protein into old mice. 
Myhrvold has also become a statistics scold of scientists.
Other scientists say that Myhrvold’s criticisms have merit.
The scientists argue that the teeth belonged to modern humans.
Dr. Viola is not completely convinced by the Chinese study.
Scientists say results will take them years to figure out.
Now scientists have found that the genes flowed both ways.
The scientists believe in these places the water ice vaporized.
Studying the ancient bear could help scientists understand.
Scientists have come to rely on liberals.
Many planetary scientists and Pluto fans reacted in dismay.
It's madness, in a mad-scientist way.
A week later they were reminded about it.
About a decade ago, scientists made a surprising discovery.
Australian scientists debunked.
Confirmation of its existence has eluded scientists for 40 years.
Physicists have envisioned it for the past 40 years. 
Scientists have varying views of pain development.
Scientists say characterizing responses as pain is difficult.
A growing number of scientists are challenging this view.
Some scientists contend some invasive species are even beneficial.
The article is signed by 141 scientists.
Mr.Simberloff led the group that wrote the rebuttal.
Two scientists describe the paradox of species.
Scientists had previously identified as the creature's gut.
It’s hard even for scientists to comprehend.
The scientists prepared to travel inland by helicopter.
The scientists measured the river for three days and nights.
The partner was in reality a confederate of the scientists.
Some have continued working into their 70s and 80s.
Aspen Center for Physics is a retreat for scientists.
Peter Higgs entered the meeting to a standing ovation.
Scientists made the stunning announcement last year.
For scientists, the result was a surprise.
Scientists decided to intervene.
Scientists can scan genomes of thousands of species.
Now scientists need to figure out the question.
Many scientists doubt that anti-obesity programs actually work.
Scientists call this feeling satiety.
The scientists transplanted the rudimentary livers into mice. 
Scientists have identified hundreds of genetic mutations.
It allowes scientists to pinpoint mutations.
It helped finance the work of scientists and engineers.
That surprised many scientists. 
Other scientists agree with the Doudna group’s view.  
Scientists concluded that it had disintegrated and vaporized.
It may be harder to get scientists' message across.
Scientists are figuring out that coffee has notable health benefits.
Scientists know this much about polycystic ovary syndrome.
The scientists then added cocoa powder to the stomach vessel.
Time-machine feature is something educators and scientists could use.
Serious scientists still disagree on it.
Cogmed was founded by a Swedish neuroscientist. 
The scientists changed it to an unobtrusive wireless sensor.
Scientists have identified another factor.
He is a computer scientist.
Jonathan Nichols is a University of Leicester scientist.
Fran Bagenal is one of the mission scientists.
Scientists have long had trouble testing in insects and animals.
This is a classic conundrum for scientists studying risk.
It will aid scientists in interpreting the data.
It is a classic conundrum for scientists studying risk. 
Some plant scientists have gone silent.
88% of scientists agree with this view.
Yu Wujie is the chief data scientist of Sesame Credit.
Back in the mid-1970s, scientists discovered a particularly strange spot.
Scientists hope they will find some lives on distant worlds.
The second category are LED business projectors.
All three offer automatic keystone adjustment.
He is member of the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee.
Omid Kordestani is Google’s chief business officer.
IMessage is Apple’s version of a WhatsApp-style messaging app.
Whether Apple’s behavior violates any laws remains to be determined.
Security researchers have pointed out that Apple holds the key.
No password keeper can, thanks to Apple’s rigid programming rules.
Google’s tablet is now Applesque in its fluid touch response.
Its store shelves are much emptier than Apple’s and Amazon’s.
Apple has built the hard shell around its iOS devices.
Apple typically keeps it acquisitions quiet.
Apple appears to be seeking out 21st century cartographers.
Apple proved to be the enduring computer maker.
Apple's founders embodied the hobbyist-commercial shift. 
The Apple-1 was a reputation-building entry.
It was introduced a year later in 1977. 
The book is named "The First Apple."
Xiaomi uses marketing that seems right out of Apple’s playbook.
The company faces stiff challenges from Apple and Samsung.
Xiaomi, like Apple, is also looking at television.
He is the former Apple director of industrial design.
The move could engulf Apple's market share.
Apple’s iTunes has grown stale. 
Apple has heard it.
They helped Apple perform the nifty trick. 
Apple also made changes to iOS.
Apple added a button to its Safari web browser.
Apple's new application ties them together in one place.
He joined Apple after the Beats acquisition. 
Apple has also integrated social media elements into Apple Music.
Apple was late to the streaming music party.
Apple still has a chance to leapfrog the competition.
Can Apple beat Spotify?
Apple can beat Spotify.
Apple also demonstrated a news-reading mobile app called News.
Flipboard is offered on Apple and Android devices.
I am breaking up with my Apple Watch. 
My pre-Apple watch had no bells or tourbillon whistles.
I started wearing the Apple Watch.
Apple Watch has been so everywhere.
Apple Watch's face effectively span the width of my forearm.
It's part of a strategy that Apple has perfected.
Apple did not comment on its design strategy.
For Apple, you forgot the other trick: change the plugs!
You know Apple’s magnetically hinged iPad cover?
Apple Watch alerted me to texts from my loved ones.
The watch’s apps can replace the busywork.
I told a colleague about the breakup with Apple Watch.
Apple's iPod was the first mainstream digital media player.
Apple's iPod led to the wildly successful iTunes store.
Apple electrified the tech world with iPhone.
The iPad includes Apple's Pages, Keynote and Numbers.
Lenovo is dominated by entrenched Apple and Samsung.
A year earlier, Apple had introduced the iPhone.
Apple set the stage for the mobile Internet revolution.
Apple changed the cellphone industry in 2007.
Apple quietly killed the 17-inch MacBook Pro laptop.
Apple doesn’t yet make a monitor capable of displaying 4K.
Xiaomi has been nicknamed the “Apple of China” 
Xiaomi doesn’t view itself as an Apple copycat.
Xiaomi is an unabashed Apple admirer.
Hugo Barrae was a “huge Apple fan.”
It includes Apple’s, but so are all designers.
Apple’s iOS 8 made some ideas even better.
Jony Ive is Apple’s head of design.
Critics have accused Xiaomi of blatantly copying Apple.
Apple helped revolutionize the mobile industry.
Apple will do the same for the mobile wallet.
Apple is also promoting Apple Pay’s security measures.
Apple's more limited but more successful approach. 
Apple’s hardware is excellent.
My phone and tablet carry Apple’s logo.
You can on Android and Apple phones.
The rumors were true: Apple now has a smaller iPad.
Apple recently gained a powerful new backer.
Apple invested $1 billion in May.
Consumers have lost their affectionfor Apple gadgets.
Apple predicted this service strong future growth.
Apple held back on shipments to retailers, particularly in China.
Apple’s dismal results mirror its performance last quarter,
Apple has a big release in the months.
But Apple is also wrestling with longer-term issues.
China is long a source of growth for Apple.
Apple has an effort to bolster sales.
Apple and Google’s assistants offered a suicide hotline number.
In 2013, Apple consulted the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
Apple's statement did not address the study.
On Monday, Apple and Yahoo joined the chorus.
My mother is not anti-Apple.
The Apple programs are not for everyone.
Apple decided to remove many editing and formatting tools. 
It is still far behind Apple and Samsung.
This fragmentation, which is in contrast to Apple's devices. 
Samsung, meanwhile, says Apple violated two of its patents.
Representatives for Apple, Samsung and Google declined to comment.
That amount is pocket change for Apple.   
Apple is one of the richest companies in the world.
Steve Jobs is Apple’s co-founder and chief executive.
Apple declined to explain the contradiction.
Even Apple is said to be toying with an iWatch.
It bests Apple in many countries. 
Apple still rules the American market. 
Samsung has surpassed Apple in global market share.
Apple itself is showing signs of concern. 
Apple still has many big advantages.
Apple’s iPhones fly off the shelves in the United States.
Apple sold 47.8 million.
Apple has released one new model every year. 
Apple released a smaller iPad and a bigger iPhone.
Right now Apple is the challenger.
Suddenly, Apple looks a little defensive.
Apple was No. 1 with 32.7 percent.
A version made for Apple devices has already been released.
At 1 pound, iPad Air is Apple’s largest tablet.
Apple's MacBook Air is an ultraslim laptop.
Both lists include strawberries, nectarines and American-grown apples.
Apple is very security conscious. 
A new Apple iPhone comes out.
They offer their models at a few hundred dollars cheaper.
There is a challenge for Apple’s sales this year.
Everyone bought a 6 series iphone.
It will bleed into Apple’s sales flow.
There is even a precedent for an Apple recovery.
That puts more pressure on Apple.
I use an Apple computer.
IPhone sales drop, and Apple’s 13-Year surge ebbs.
Apple has high hopes for its nascent Watch accessory.
The Apple iPad was first released in 2010.
The Apple iPad generated wide interest.
Apple has maintained a clear lead.
Both iPads will also most likely get Apple’s new processors.
Apple’s iPad Mini starts at $330.
It took us 24 years to sell that many Macs.
Even Apple, though, faces challenges, particularly in emerging markets. 
There is a bright side for Apple in China.
And traditionally that has helped both Apple and its competitors.
Apple hires Burberry chief to polish image of online stores.
But its online store has not changed much.
Apple could use some of that magic.
It feels like something they’ve lost at Apple.
That profile could grow even larger at Apple.
In the summer, Apple hired Paul Deneve.
He left Apple after less than six months. 
He was considered a great success at Apple.
The physical stores have helped Apple’s bottom line.
Apple is a rarity as a retailer,
I believe this will void the Apple warranties. 
Apple quietly builds new networks.
In 2011, Apple rolled out the iCloud service.
Tim Cook said Apple has a 'great vision' for television.
Apple also hired Jean-Franois Mulé，according to his LinkedIn profile.
It's limited to only Apple devices.
What's the benefit for Apple? 
Steve Jobs is the founder of Apple.
Apple is facing pointed questions.
Innovation at Apple is alive and well.
That's what makes Apple so special.
Apple has never made a billion-dollar acquisition.
Pegatron is treading a familiar road.
The company’s iCloud online storage service received some attention, too.
Apple engineers platforms, devices and services together.
Timothy D. Cook is the Apple’s chief executive.
Apple did not introduce any new hardware on Monday.
Apple also introduced HomeKit.
Apple doesn’t use the P-word.
That’s the kind of thing that Apple can do.
Apple’s iPhone came out in June 2007.
Apple trademarked “iWatch” in several countries earlier this year.
Apple on Tuesday introduced two new iPhones.
Apple’s stock fell more than 5 percent on Wednesday.
People at the time lambasted Apple for the price drop.
iPhone is only really six years old.
Mailbox only works with Gmail and Apple iCloud accounts.
Apple itself is slowly doing the same thing.
Apple offers solid cloud-based iWork apps, too.
It is often Apple's gateway into a business.
It shows how Apple gains a foothold inside companies.
Apple laptops spread quickly.
Apple devices weren't very practical inside companies.
They are overwhelmingly on Apple devices.
Retail is another key niche for Apple devices.
Apple sold 35.2 million iPhones in the third fiscal quarter.
Apple reported selling 4.4 million Macs.
That is what Apple intends to do in the fall.
Analysts expect Apple torelease two sizes.
It aimed at competing with Apple's Siri virtual assistant.
Innovation at Apple has always been a team game. 
The iPhone was broadly dismissed at that time.
The iPod was broadly dismissed at that time. 
IPad Air was announced in October. 
This free iOS app concept is very good.
The app is also only for iOS devices.
The application is a free iOS and Android app.
The US government asked Apple to unlock more iPhone.
This seems to support Apple's concerns.
Apple provided a report covering the first half of 2015.
Apple provided some data for about 7100 cases.
He invited Apple’s lawyers to raise objections.
They collected about 175 unacceptable iPhones in the survey.
Timothy D. Cook is Apple's chief executive.
Apple had "a very grand vision" for the television.
Apple is collaborating with distributors like Time Warner Cable.
It is a less expensive iPhone. 
There's the so-called AppleiWatch. 
The iWatch is expected to have a curved screen.
Timothy cook, Apple's chief executive, came to the scene..
Apple attaches great importance to mobile networks.
Apple was once an iconic brand in China.
Its market share has fallen into the single digits.
There has been a real deterioration of the Apple brand.
Apple still has enthusiasts.
This is a mixed blessing for Apple. 
China Mobile might overstate the overall benefit to Apple.
That means Apple could expect around 400,000 sales.
About 3 million iphones are sold every month.
Apple could probably broaden its potential market in China. 
The Apple 5S and 5C has a 4-inch screen.
The Apple chief talked about this to shoppers and reporters.
Facebook, Microsoft and Yahoo are taking similar steps.
Microsoft has also pushed back harder in court.
Microsoft challenged the gag order as violating the First Amendment.
Samsung is working as hard as Google, Apple and Microsoft.
Rick Sherlund is a veteran Microsoft analyst with Nomura Securities.
Bill Gates and Paul Allen are Microsoft's founders.
Bin Lin is a former Microsoft and Google engineer.
Nobody ever accused Microsoft of clarity in naming.
Microsoft argues that this subscription offers all kinds of benefits.
Microsoft bought Skype last year.
This is Microsoft’s goofy word for “screen.”
Microsoft has also created an app store for Office.
It was unrelated to the decision taken against Microsoft.
Microsoft failed to follow an order.
Robbie Bach is the former head of Microsoft’s Xbox business.
Microsoft may feel a bit unsettled by the move.
On the hardware front, Microsoft has succeeded brilliantly.
Well, gee, Microsoft ― whose fault is that?
He is also looking at Microsoft's computing-rental offering, called Azure.
It was later crushed by Microsoft's Internet Explorer. 
You can easily imagine how Microsoft got here.
SkyDrive is Microsoft’s free seven-gigabyte online hard drive.
Microsoft doesn’t have a good name for the screen.
Then last week, Microsoft introduced the Surface Pro 3. 
Microsoft is confident.
They are Facebook and Microsoft.
Still, Microsoft isn’t giving up.
HTC and Nokia have each chosen Microsoft as its savior.
Microsoft has seen this movie before.
Microsoft says that its phone store now stocks 120,000 apps.
Microsoft’s Windows Phone 7 earned rave reviews.
Microsoft says there are 110,000 Windows Phone apps.
Over the weekend, Facebook and Microsoft released reports. 
Microsoft decided to disclose the aggregate numbers.
Microsoft said it was pressing for further disclosure.
Microsoft groups its icons in different tabs along the top.
In fairness, Microsoft is no slouch in this area.
In 1988, Apple sued Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard. 
Cortana is the virtual personal assistant Microsoft announced last week.
Microsoft is pretty high on Cortana. 
She is one of Microsoft's experts in 'computational thinking.'
Microsoft is making major strides. 
Microsoft on Tuesday redoubled its vision.
The more spacious screen reflects a sharpening of Microsoft’s belief.
Satya Nadella is the chief executive of Microsoft.
Panos Panay is a corporate vice president at Microsoft.
Nokia handset sale to Microsoft.
Microsoft is in the process of buying much of Nokia.
Microsoft and the PC makers still provide support, too. 
They wanted to make Android, Microsoft and Facebook phones.
Second, you can buy Microsoft’s now-famous keyboard cover.
Even so, there’s a lot to admire in Microsoft’s accomplishment.
Mr. Elop agreed to rejoin Microsoft when the deal closes.
He will lead an expanded devices team inside Microsoft.
It will take the coffers of Microsoft.
In 2004, Microsoft introduced the Spot watch.
Swatch teamed with Microsoft on the Paparazzi.
Google, Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon are included. 
I used Microsoft Word Online to take notes at meetings.
Facebook is deepening its partnership with Microsoft's Bing search engine.
Microsoft just announced plans for its own branded tablet.
Google is similar to Apple and Microsoft.
John Thompson is Microsoft's board director.
PlayStation and Xbox were hacked.
Xbox Live is Microsoft’s online game services.
The lizard group stopped attacking the Sony and Microsoft servers.
Frank Shaw is a spokesman for Microsoft.
In 2000, Microsoft’s business was simpler than it is now.
Microsoft should be split into two companies.
Richard Sherlund is a longtime Microsoft analyst at Nomura Securities.
Microsoft could give Facebook power to control of Bing.
Microsoft has an existing partnership with Facebook. 
These things are still hard for robots to do.
There are robots everywhere and few human workers.
Robots string together solar cells and seal them under glass.
Robots are far more efficiently than people. 
Moreover, robotics executives argue that blue-collar jobs will be lost.
Each level holds 168 “rover” robots the size of go-carts.
It requires expensive reprogramming of robots.
Older robots cannot do such work. 
This is a camera-and-Internet-enabled robot.
The robot was called VGo.
She immediately loved the robot.
The robot is about the height of her third-grade classmates.
She renamed it Princess VGo.
These robots are called remote presence robots.
A VGo costs $6,000.
He studies how robots help children with learning disabilities.
The VGo is four feet tall, weighs 18 pounds.
Lexie controls its movement with her computer mouse.
video of her face appears on the robot’s display screen.
The robot and Lexie’s computer support two-way voice communication.
It was used by a child with an immune deficiency.
The kids, aside the fact that it was a robot.
The greatest logistical challenge is maintaining an Internet connection.
They feel special that there’s a robot in their class.
A moment later, the robot’s pink and green lights blinked.
Between classes, Lexie guides the robot down the hallway.
At day’s end, she rolls it to a charging station.
Not all bots are used for fraud.
How do you stop a robot uprising? 
Shag carpeting can stop a robot uprising. 
Domestic robots may be in our future.
The first Roomba robo-vacs made their debuts.
The idea of a robo-cleaner may appeal to slackers.
Keeping one robo-cleaner running is hard work.
Robo-cleaner is best used between regular vacuuming. 
All of Robo-cleaners were stymied by 1-inch shag.
Robo-cleaner is just hunting for dust bunnies.
All the bots got tangled up in power cables.
All the bots are adorable.
A Roomba bumps around in a seemingly random pattern.
None of the robots managed to scoop every morsel. 
None of these robots have sufficient suction.
Robot vacuums are a supplemental accessory.
The robot performed better on office carpet and hardwood.
These robot vacuums perform best with lightweight cleaning.
All three bots are short.
All three bots can be scheduled.
All three bots charge themselves.
People need to partner with their robots.
If your house is clutter-free, these robots may do OK.
The Obama administration has proposed a robotic mission.
Even the robots perhaps genetically engineered nanoprobes would precede humans.
Google puts Money on Robots, using the man behind Android.
Google executives acknowledge that robotic vision is a “moonshot.” 
Mr. Rubin began his engineering career in robotics.
Schaft is a small team of Japanese roboticists.
He is hoping robotics will be different.
The early roboticist is Hirochika Inoue.
The wind blew a door out of its robot’s grasp.
A generation of mobile robots will aid in disaster situations.
The RoboSimian robot was almost successful.
The robots were moving in slow motion.
This was a Woodstock for robots.
Christopher Urmson is a former Carnegie Mellon University roboticist
Will robots take over the workforce?
Hairdressers might be safe.
This is not because robots can't cut hair.
Plenty of robots already perform delicate surgery.
Another job deemed safe? Roboticist.
A robot is about to steal your job: Fiddlesticks!
America was alone in its anxiety over robots and automation.
Germany has twice the robot density as the United States.
American robots had been more advanced.
The Thai government in September introduced a robot.
The robots are coming. 
The latest Roomba will probably not share that fate. 
It makes other consumer robots. 
This robot is not yet perfect. 
Smartphones are inferior writing tools.
He disputes the idea that smartphones are passive devices. 
People are considering a new smartphone.
The product sends the vital-sign information to a smartphone.
Smart sock senses a baby's oxygen saturation and heart rate.
They want a smartphone but cannot quite afford one.
In August 2011, Xiaomi introduced its first smartphone, the Mi-1.
Younger Chinese consumers are looking for cool in smartphones.
Compared to PCs, smartphones have a shorter replacement cycle .
The easy money is gone, and profits will be harder.
It has rattled China's smartphone market.
He has recently lowered the price of smartphones.
Google's Motorola launched the Moto smartphone.
Demand for high-priced smartphones has surged in China.
Smartphones have become irresistibly delectable morsels for thieves.  
It was no different from a smartphone or Web camera.
You squint at a smartphone.
The device connects to a smartphone with an audio cable.
Handwriting is an early form of artificial intelligence. 
It's the first truly smart smartphone. 
Android is now the dominant smartphone platform.
Watson is the company’s “Jeopardy!”-playing artificial intelligence program.
These devices are not just computers and smartphones. 
King of PCs, Lenovo sets smartphone ambitions.
Lenovo is a force to be reckoned with in smartphones.
The growth in smartphone sales will occur in developing countries.
Some of Lenovo’s early smartphones were quirky.
Lenovo has been adding higher-end handsets to its range.
Lenovo is not the only Chinese smartphone maker. 
Smartwatches connect to your smartphone. 
We all have GPS in our cars and smartphones. 
Parents can draw boundaries on the screens of their smartphones.
Some parents opt for smartphones even for young children.
It included smart glasses and displays mounted on helmets. 
Technology-related transformations include widespread broadband availability and smartphone adoption.
The iPhone 6 is called the “most beautiful smartphone,” 
You grab your smartphone to check the time.
My smartphone has been banished from the bedroom.
The draw of the smartphone is understandable. 
They increasingly have brought their smartphones into their bedrooms. 
They are Samsung and some smartwatch startups. 
There's still too much smartphone in them. 
It is a perfect fit for the wrist.
It's hard to imagine any competing smartwatch platform.
At the moment, it’s in seventh place among smartphone makers.
The smartphone revolution nears the end of its first wave.
Penetration begins to plateau in developed countries.
Sony Corp. and Huawei Technologies Co. launched "smart bands". 
Mozilla made waves with plans for a $25 smartphone.
These areas include the pockets and purses, in smartphones.
Consumers switch away from tablet computers to bigger smartphones instead.
Pokémon Go is the wildly popular augmented-reality smartphone game.
People point their smartphone cameras at buildings and historical sites.
This is a free smartphone game.
Mobile devices are like smartphones and tablets.
Smartphone makers reacted differently to this study. 
There's even a "smart" bra. 
CSR's smart jewelry is just a concept at this point.
Sensors wirelessly transmit heart-rate and breathing information to your smartphone.
The Pebble Steel smartwatch can rival higher-end timepieces.
Collars from Whistle and Tagg have similar connected features.
Apps are much like those for smartphones and tablets. 
The Finnish company is expected to introduce a low cost-smartphone.
CNET reported news of the smartwatch earlier Sunday.
Google's next smartwatch will be powered by Tizen.
The smartwatch category is getting crowded fast.
Artificial intelligence experts had predicted it.
The group is trying to sell more smartphones and tablets.
There really aren’t many watershed innovations left in smartphones.
The age of intelligent machines has arrived.   
The Associated Press is printing business stories written by it.
Your smartwatch is dependent on voice commands.
We're in an 'AI Spring.'
We were in an AI winter.
Now we're in an AI spring.
Then came the smartphone.
First, these early smartwatches are thick and chunky. 
It’s the only contender with true touch-screen operation. 
Samsung is still the top seller of smartphones worldwide. 
StoreDot plans to make chargers for other smartphones, too.
Doors can be unlocked via smartphone.
Microsoft later discontinued Nokia-brand smartphones.
Many Chinese update their smartphones each year.
The newest smartphone of Apple is the four-inch iPhone SE.
Russian phone maker Yota bets on two screens.
Japanese smartphone manufacturer sees an export market in older users.
They sometimes struggle with the complexity of conventional smartphones.
We believe the smartphone provides benefits to these customers.
The screen is brighter than those on ordinary smartphones.
HTC had shipped 24.6 million smartphones in 2010.
By 2012,HTC sold about 32.1 million smartphones.
It increased smartphone sales 144 percent year-over-year.
Does market share in smartphones matter to you?
Among true smartphones, we're number one in the U.S.
This makes Motorola’s new smartphone far less smart there.
It is unlike many cheap smartphones on the market.
The Moto G is bulkier than many popular smartphones.
Nowadays I outsource that task to my smartphone.
Our home appliances are becoming intelligent.
The car would be summoned with a smartphone application.
These days, excellence in a smartphone isn’t enough.
Apple’s new smartwatch can track your heart rate.
The wrinkle is that most smartwatches are clunky and impersonal.
Versions of such apps are available on smartphones and tablets.
It had been struggling for years to match smartphone competitors.
Smartphones change so fast.
Last month, Sony revamped its Smartwatch.
It can communicate with smartphones.
Chinese smartphone maker hires google executive.
Chinese smartphone brands sells mostly in the domestic market.
A main selling point for Chinese smartphones has been price.
Some rivals make smartphones that sell for less than $100.
Are smartphones having their TV-in-the-kitchen moment?
Samsung Galaxy Gear likes other smartphones and tablets Samsung produces.
Technology shifts from personal computers to smartphones and tablets.
Consumers upgrade tablets less often than they do smartphones.
China is the world's largest smartphone market.
A user is wearing a smartwatch paired with the device.
This is a special version of Android tailored for smartwatches.
It introduced the smartwatches this year.
Android Wear was customized to show immediately useful information.
Google uses a smartwatch as a remote for the TV.
By certain measures, basic flip phones outperform smartphone. 
Your name isn't smartphone. 
There are promising signs of a clamshell smartphone movement. 
The world needed a great, cheap smartphone. 
Even the best, easiest-to-use smartphones can sometimes be vexing. 
Innovation in high-end smartphones seems to have plateaued. 
Does anyone want an iWatch?
That is the rise of smartphones.
Smartphones were widespread.
WireLurker targets Apple mobile and desktop users.
It's another app that helps commuters navigate mass transit.
At Kingsoft, he also found time to set up Joyo.com.
When you log out, the downloaded Office software vanishes.
Each Office program now has a new File-menu “experience”.
Most of the software bits here are free.
Each individual program has some new goodies, too.
In Outlook, the touch-ups include “inline replies”.
It is a collaboration of Watson’s software and James Briscione.
It operates mobile application stores.
It updates its software weekly, free of charge.
It offers software suggestions.
Most smartphones around the world use Google's Android software.
He used facial recognition software in some facilities.
Many competitors rely more on software and off-the-shelf components.
Alas, the software isn’t nearly as impressive.
Eddy Cue is Apple’s head of software and Internet services
The quality of Apple’s software started to slip last year
Now the heartbreak: software.
As soon as the gate opened, we started building.
That is an area where Samsung still trails.
My software needs may be tablet friendly.
TileWorld is modeled on Microsoft’s lovely Windows Phone software.
Apps’re generally not as complex as regular Windows programs.
Apps’re more like iPad apps.
Apps are full-screen, touch-friendly, mostly menuless.
Windows RT runs only Windows 8 apps. 
Windows 8 apps appear only in the Windows 8 environment.
Software programs can understand natural language and speech.
Software programs can respond to human voice commands.
Most software designers acknowledge  the fact.
The free software runs unobtrusively.
The Gimps software does have a practical use.
Subsequent updates answered these sorts of complaints.
Software is the soul of a machine.
It has no apps or Wi-Fi.
I checked in using the Android smartphone app. 
This is improved software.
Above all, it offers that colossal app catalog.
Microsoft’s phone software is fast, simple and beautiful.
The software doesn't work with SoftLayer Technologies Inc.
IBM may license the software. 
As with any software, there are still frustrations.
Pages can now legitimately serve as their only word-processing software.
But Persado's software deconstructs advertisements into five components. 
The device has quirky software features, including Smart Scroll.
It's in large part because of software issues.
Three of them on my Pleco software alone.
WhatsApp works like modern mobile software.
Mobile messaging software is with you all the time.
Mobile messaging software is always connected.
Mobile messaging software has an immediacy that can't be matched.
We’re building software. 
They are able to use software embedded on home.
This is an antivirus program, not a virus.
He sell an app he wrote.
Design has become more important in software.
Software has become more intimate.
It requires more thoughtful design because of the small screen.
We know that's the window to the software.
It doesn’t run real Windows or Mac software.
You should upgrade your software.
Frame your shot with an app.
Ray Ozzie is the chief software architect of Microsoft.
These threats includes some malicious softwares.
Hampton Creek is treating food like software.
Datas can be weighed by design programs.
The software offers up the most efficient design possible.
The software often comes up with elaborate, spindly, asymmetrical designs.
They even run Windows through software like Parallels.
The software moves money according to programs.
The spread of Web-based software helps overcome such limitations.
Cisco provides software to its Mac users.
Business apps are offered on phones or tablets.
You recently assumed leadership of software interface design. 
The software is called dark wallet. 
Then I installed Space Monkey software on two computers. 
Software automation and artificial intelligence increasingly affect knowledge-based occupations. 
The attackers do not deploy malware.
It is an anonymity software.
Its business division accounted for $24.7 billion. 
Its business division is dominated by its Office applications.
In other words, it's about the software.
It seems to understand the importance of software.
This is the start of exploring software.
Apple now has a few support articles on the topic.
Just as there are technological gaps, there are legal gaps.
They plan to explore technologies for deflecting an asteroid.
The technology is still early days.
It’s a significant disconnect, given how women embrace technology.
The Mercedes' approach is more conservative, fiscally and technically.
They didn't sink resources into new technologies. 
They failed to deliver breakthroughs in core technologies.
Every local warlord defends their own standards and technologies. 
The question-answering technology from consumer offerings will be improved.
That’s one of the exciting things about this technology.
Jeff Dean is a Google technical fellow.
He is a regular at robotics conferences.
He spends a good deal of time researching new technologies.
My dad was really interested in technology.
His method is not overly technical. 
Has technological progress slowed for good?
This new science led to new technological innovations.
They will transfer sensitive technology.
It extends to the architects of corporate technology strategy.
That would be not so much technology as witchcraft.
The Up is more sophisticated and does a lot more.
The technology is still expensive.
The technology is imperfect.
Another is current technology.
People won’t use technology they don’t trust.
The new tech takes a much more libertarian position.
You can call me a Luddite.
something can now take weeks, if ever, to determine.
It foreshadowed some of today's most cutting-edge technology.
Mr. Kutcher is a genuine technologist.
Lenovo’s unusual clamshell designs recalled earlier generations of mobile technology.
The new devices use GPS, Wi-Fi and other location-tracking technology.
One of the today's models even has the same technology.
The technology is found in Google's self-driving cars. 
Robot-makers have two approaches for how to navigate a floor.
BotVac uses a proprietary laser scanner.
BotVac uses navigation technology like in driverless cars.
Samsung is the giant technology company.
The technology makes credit transactions more secure for consumers. 
They have widely varying business models.
Sadly, the Mini doesn’t gain Apple’s supercrisp Retina display.
Boeing also won't say who its technology partners are.
The technology allows biologists to look at the mechanism.
Investments are in technology, marketing and subsidies.
The Japanese cartoon franchise uses a combination of ordinary technologies.
Ordinary technologies are built into smartphones.
These technologies include location tracking and cameras.
This case fuses digital technology with the physical world.
The technology uses a smartphone screen or a headset. 
A game help the technology go mainstream.
The moon path would provide more technologies.
Some critical technologies are to be ready in two decades.
The tests gain legal acceptance.
Amazon is using patent-pending technology.
The development of the Crispr-Cas9 technique is a story.
She had had no formal training in the technique.
There were other genome editing techniques.
They found that Crispr-Cas9 was much simpler.
So far, the patents have gone to Dr. Zhang.
The technology is based on a printed series of wide.
The technology was adopted as the industry standard in 1973.
He experimented with design, media, technology, and the arts.
You don't get good design without good technology.
The solution was the technology changed.
I knew just enough technology to make it happen.
It helps matters that many big-name venues employ cellphone-jamming technology.
Critics say some technical issues remain.
4K television is still a relatively new technology.
Other schemes are based on existing or about-to-be-existing technology.
These technologies make them more resistant to weeds and pests.
These technologies have drawn increased scrutiny.
It is critical to staying within the target.
The world has made huge leaps in solar technology.
This calls for energy storage at large scale.
Dr. Verma employed a technique called Diffusion Tensor Imaging.
The technique might work for simple stories
By today’s standards, the spacecraft’s technology is laughable.
New technologies appear in the nick of time.
Harry Shum is head of technology and research at Microsoft.
We provided the facial mapping technology.
Investors looked to tech conferences for novel thinking.
I compared the technical reports provided with my results.
Then it doesn’t seem so far-fetched.
we don’t know what technique was utilized.
Definitely technique and a surgeon’s skill level influences results.
I went the technology route: air purifiers.
The industry tends to fixate on technology.
The science is not there yet.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology said on Thursday.
Advanced technology is next-generation sequencing.
The new technique could be used to cure genetic diseases.
Few scientists believe the technology is ready for clinical use.
That technique is less far-reaching because no genes are edited.
The Broad team engineered a strain of mice.
The cutting edge of the Web just bled a little.
Pepper said that technology is moving faster than regulation.
Technology should be only an adjunct to manual counting. 
BlackBerry has new technology and is financially stable.
The cost of technology experimentation is so low. 
Jaron Lanier is a technology skeptic.
Drones deliver things to upscale tech-savvy customers.
And pulling valuable materials from scrapped technology was dangerous.
And researchers have explored Try transgenic technology.
So-called augmented reality technology already exists, but remains primitive.
Now augmented reality is technically and financially possible，Mr. Gordon said.
President Obama gave a shout-out to a growing technology. 
The technology for 3-D printing has existed for years.
President Obama was referring to its applications in manufacturing.
3D printing technology ignited the enthusiasm of the people.
I just say this is such a new technology.
The Snowden revelations will increase people's interest in end-to-end cryptography.
It’s not a question of technical issues.
Safety technologies are coming quickly.
Baidu was testing its technology in the United States.
It uses a technology called Raku-Raku.
The technology removes the gaps between words.
This technology does meet a demand.
Thompson doesn’t delve into this rich technological and intellectual history.
For decades, weather maps had been cluttered with technical notation.
Both technologies exploit the same principle.
The technology has advanced enough.
Some technology and travel experts see real-world potential in wearables.
Serkan Toto is an independent Tokyo-based technology analyst.
They are experimenting with technological solutions to address those problems.
It’s hardly a technological breakthrough.
The paper is reported in Nature Nanotechnology.
The new iPhones are compatible with a technology called TD-LTE.
Gear was packed with technologies from the next decade.
Using new technologies to boost efficiency alone will backfire.
Virtual reality technology is advancing so quickly.
The secret gets to the Achilles’ heel of VR.
Other tech news this week involved cars.
There are problems like funding shortages and technology challenges.
It has older memory-chip technology.
That capability has defined the Internet technology ever since 1973.
Despite many technological changes, their design prevails.
Apple is quietly moving to appeal to corporate tech managers.
It features a lightweight design, 7-inch screen and high-definition display.
It required a hefty investment in new technologies like speech-recognition.
UHDTV technology is also known as 4K.
Peer-to-peer backup technology can be tough to understand. 
Apple's iPhone 5S received plaudits for its fingerprint scanning technology.
They will give technology to local partners.
Machine surgery technology is done by the surgeon.
It would be Apple's first serious foray into wearable computing.
At stake is supremacy in the U.S. e-commerce market.
ChannelAdvisor manages e-commerce efforts for retailers.
It's no E Ink screen.
They trust the click on the email from the contact.
It creates 3D sensors in devices.
His research methods include talking to and e-mailing educators.
That’s a lot of slides and spreadsheets.
Samsung Electronics' camera ambitions are far from over.
He is a gadget enthusiast.
It lacked strength in areas like e-commerce.
Alibaba is the Chinese leader in e-commerce.
Mobile and e-commerce business has been booming.
Xinyang electronic has some violations.
He is testing an HTML 5 e-commerce platform now.
You can also email it to yourself or download it.
My first e-readers can still display books.
You can beam them to a tablet or e-reader.
The sound file can be uploaded to email or Facebook.
Many of its 100,000-plus e-books are obscure.
You can chug through e-mail as you watch a video.
The following year Coca-Cola told the British government that it would cut the calories in soda.
The beverage companies knew that sales growth in the natural category had almost tripled that of other foods and beverages.
As Cargill tries to grapple with its gremlins, other firms have done their best to find alternatives.
In the summer of 2012, McNeil Nutritionals ― the maker of Splenda ― put out Nectresse.
David Thorrold is the C.E.O. of BioVittoria, which now controls a major portion of the world’s monk-fruit supply.
I was feeding my ideas into this supersecret group responsible for flavor chemistry.
Others at the company agreed and made a deal with Cargill to get the plant-based ingredient approved.
Other signs suggest that Cargill is about to make the jump to next-gen natural sweeteners.
On March 6, a multimillion-dollar deal with the Swiss biotech firm Evolva was announced.
Evolva does not need raising stevia from cuttings of the plant, then steeping the leaves and sucking out the glycosides.
Evolva makes them by using microbes to perform the needed feats of biochemistry.
Cargill wouldn’t be beholden to rain and sun and weeds, nor to the natural limits of plant biology.
Fermentation would allow the company to make whichever glycoside it wanted, at whatever quantity and purity it needed.
David Henstrom, Cargill’s global business director for health ingredients is now in charge of selling Truvia.
In the United States, food-and-beverage companies get to make the judgment for themselves.
Donna LiVolsi is the director of operations at Cumberland Packing Corporation.
The company invented Sweet’N Low, the first artificial sweetener sachet, in 1957.
A German food company surveyed 4,000 people in eight European countries, to find out how they understood the “natural” claim.
That its manufacture is not “similar to making tea,” as Cargill’s packaging suggests.
Cargill adds an asterisk to the product’s tagline, “Nature’s Calorie-Free Sweetener,” directing people to a website F.A.Q.
Goulson told me on our tour of tasting labs at Cargill.
Benedict Evans is a partner with the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz.
The Tokyo start-up Line has sought to pepper the messaging experience.
The company does not break out the number of active users.
WeChat’s parent company, Tencent, said its number of monthly active users reached 355 million at the end 2013.
Line could go public or be an acquisition target for a company like SoftBank.
The question is whether newcomers like Line will translate to an American audience.
The characters populate its universe of online games, both big moneymakers for the company. 
In the case of Zipcar and Enterprise CarShare, cars must be picked up and returned to the same spot.
A company spokeswoman said the average person uses Car2Go for 30 minutes.
Enterprise is currently waiving its $25 application fee and $40 annual membership fee for the first year.
The companies offer limited gas cards in the car for people to use.
All of the company's cars are Smart cars painted blue and white with the Car2Go logo. 
UberX riders, though, pay a base fare and a per-minute or per-mile fee before getting out of the car.
Sidecar, Lyft and UberX have $1 million liability insurance policies in place for rides. 
And each conducts strict background checks on its drivers to confirm proper licensing and insurance.
The company hopes that it will change the way people view mobile technology.
This camera version of Tizen is not the one they hope will make Android and iOS quiver. 
I am blown away by what I see coming out of the private sector these days.
The French are proposing to restrain the company with a law that forbids discounting on books. 
They accused it of containing an unbalanced depiction of the company as a brutal place to work.
Google is already making home deliveries for companies like Target, Walgreens and American Eagle Outfitters.
Mr. Rubin initially worked as a manufacturing engineer in the 1990s.
Mr. Rubin compared the effort with the company’s self-driving car project.
In 2012, waste companies had revenue of 65.8 billion Taiwan dollars, or $2.2 billion.
With the money, Taiwan’s environmental agency then issues rebates to recycling companies.
We spend about 6 billion dollars each year on subsidies to the recycling companies.
The park offers incentives for recyclers of glass, plastic and electronics that use advanced technologies.
Mr. Yeh said the company had since refined the equipment to improve the process
The electronics companies have a better idea about precious metals in their waste.
Ambrx is a San Diego company that has filed to go public.
$542 million cash immediately vaulted the shadowy start-up into the upper echelons of young technology companies.
Just seven months ago, Facebook stunned Silicon Valley with the $2 billion acquisition of Oculus, a virtual reality company.
Google views Magic Leap in much the same way, according to people briefed on the company’s thinking.
Bing Gordon is a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, another investor in Magic Leap.
In Magic Leap's case, the start-up’s technology allows highly realistic graphics to appear alongside real-life objects.
Mr. Gordon as a former executive of the game company Electronic Arts, is familiar with video games.
Google Ventures has invested in diverse companies including Blue Bottle Coffee and Uber, the on-demand taxi service.
The investment in Magic Leap comes from Google Inc., not one of its investment arms.
The huge bets are quickly becoming the norm for the likes of Google and Facebook.
The great tech C.E.O.s are all simultaneously maxing out their current model while also looking around at future models.
Other investors in Series B, or the second major financing round, include Qualcomm Ventures, Legendary Entertainment
In 2007, when the company first unveiled its e-reader, the device was an expensive ugly duckling.
Google churns out billions in quarterly profit and has a $60 billion cash hoard.
Jordan Rohan is the founder of Clearmeadow Partners, a strategic advisory firm focused on Internet companies.
What we've done before now was give users the freshest imagery, because that's typically what's most useful to them.
The hope is that users will find the older Street View maps just as useful as the new photos.
That's why we were intent on launching it world-wide all at once.
The default background for Microsoft's Windows XP operating system is the spring day we wish could last forever. 
Tom Murphy is Microsoft's spokesman handling the end of XP support.
Windows 8.1, the latest in Microsoft's foray into touch-friendly interfaces, is a fully modern operating system.  
Apple also offers free classes for new Mac users at its stores.
The goal for the company is a printer in every home and every school.
The company has put full-frame sensors into three new cameras, at prices and body sizes that nobody has ever attained.
All those docks and accessories that longtime Apple customers had been collecting for years were suddenly obsolete. 
It orders a Lightning connector component from Apple to use in designing the accessory. 
The chip inside the Lightning connector can be reverse engineered, copied by another company.
The particular audience I had in mind at the earliest stages of the company was my mother.
Executives at traditional tutoring and test-prep services tend to share Dr. Detterman’s view.
Bror Saxberg is the chief learning officer of Kaplan Inc.. 
The programs are now being used by psychologists not affiliated with the companies.
She is testing the use of Cogmed with childhood cancer survivors. 
Not all the exercises offered by the commercial services carry the scientific pedigree of the N-back. 
The founders of Posit, Cogmed and Lumosity all have advanced degrees in psychology and neuroscience. 
In 2005, he became a vice president and “Internet evangelist” for Google. 
Gansha Wu quit his job to begin a start-up that specializes in autonomous, or self-driving, cars.
The Internet company Leshi Internet Information & Technology has a driverless car tech unit.
The assumed leader in the field in China is the search engine company Baidu.
Among the torrent of start-ups, Mr. Wu and his colleagues are unusual because of their experience.
Junyi Zhang is a partner with the consulting firm Roland Berger.
Two European companies, Emporia Telecom in Austria and Doro in Sweden, have also been actively pursuing older users.
They were brought onboard to help increase shipments and work on acquisitions.
In Taiwan, HTC was feted in the local media as the little company.
Dr. Dre viewed it as a company on the rise when it sold HTC a 51 percent stake.
If he can’t turn around the bottom line and morale this year, I would expect some change at the top.
HTC’s top-heavy Taiwanese corporate culture, it would be extremely difficult to replace him with somebody from the outside.
HTC hopes that the release last month of HTC One on the U.S. carrier Verizon will help improve sales.
They think the launch of the flexi models will get them out.
Staff members dismissed recent reports that the company was looking to merge with another company.
HTC was ripe for a hostile takeover by Chinese vendors like the surging Lenovo Group.
Ms. Wang has repeatedly said the company is not for sale.
We aren’t short of cash and we have no intent to sell.
Paul Wood is the cybersecurity intelligence manager at Symantec, said in an interview.
Pavel Vrublevsky is the owner of an online payment settlement business called ChronoPay.
Igor Artimovich is a former employee of Sun Microsystems in Russia.
For years the surest signs of success were the gray suits of its corporate salarymen.
They have long defined success as a job in an established company or elite government ministry.
Many no longer share their salarymen fathers’ belief in the permanence of established corporations or lifetime jobs.
While seeking a master’s degree in software engineering, Mr. Fukushima founded his company, Gunosy.
He says he turned down job offers at established firms before starting his business.
Alternately, the retailer may simply convert its Bitcoins to dollars on a nightly basis.
Rick Devine,is chief executive of TalentSky, a Silicon Valley recruiting firm.
He wanted the company to shift its focus to making its products cohesive and "beautifully simple."
It’s absolutely astonishing to me just how these companies all over Silicon Valley are looking for designers.
Venture capital firms including Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and NEA have started programs to recruit and coach designers.
Designers as founders are very interesting and make up critical DNA of new companies.
NEA started what it calls NEA Studio, a workshop for designers who want to start companies.
Just a few years ago only the largest companies could afford.
Companies, governments and people will struggle to figure out what to do with all this.
Watson is prominent, but similar projects are being run by other companies.
The company that did the Amazon supercomputing exercise was called Cycle Computing.
A.W.S. had five times the computing power of 14 other cloud computing companies, including IBM, combined.
Since then, IBM has spent an estimated $2 billion to acquire a cloud company called SoftLayer.
It retains rights in user agreements that customers are required to sign.
Apple CEO Tim Cook says the company's best days are still ahead.
The iPhone's growth will slow and that the company's innovative run is coming to an end.
There is a perception that Apple's no longer a growth company.
I think that's hard to say that's not a growth company.
I don't know of any other American company that does that kind of business in China or anywhere close.
The lower-priced phone, Moto G, was announced by the company on Wednesday.
It is an effort by Motorola to return to growth by reaching as many people as possible.
It includes Huawei, Yulong and ZTE of China, and Micromax and Karbonn of India.
The company expects people to be using several different kinds of Google services and products in the near future.
The company said its advertising would be able to follow customers between those experiences.
Tony Fadell is the founder of Nest, the thermostat company that was acquired by Google.
While this might sound like dollar signs for Google, it could be a bit frustrating to the company’s users.
The company expected that multidevice advertising campaigns could deliver meaningful levels of new revenue in the future.
Because of the housing shortage, some workers also had to live off campus in housing that Pegatron rented.
Apple's manufacturers like Pegatron and Foxconn have been investing in automation.
Apple has a team working with Pegatron to ensure its factory conditions meet the Cupertino.
Apple has been particularly close for suppliers of Apple, the world's most valuable company.
Meanwhile, Apple has been advertising job openings for 'supplier responsibility' managers in recent months.
The company has been diversifying its base of suppliers this year.
Google’s brightest minds now say they can’t make that handoff work anytime soon.
By 2017 it planned to have the cars in the hands of ordinary consumers.
They test in the streets of Gothenburg, Sweden, where the company has its headquarters.
It starts with ferrying Google employees between buildings around its sprawling corporate campus here.
Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief, introducing iOS 8, the company's latest mobile operating system.
Apple also introduced a system called Continuity, which makes it easier to juggle content across different devices.
The company said it was adding a new feature called iCloud Drive.
Craig Federighi is the company’s senior vice president of software engineering.
The company’s occasional ventures into hardware generally haven’t ended well: media player Zune, Kin Phone, Spot Watch.
The company’s stock has crashed almost 90 percent from its 2008 peak.
The company says it will, in fact, sell a model with physical keys called the Q10.
If a company has BlackBerry’s corporate software suite, separate worlds can be created on each phone.
When the employee leaves the company, one stroke deletes the whole corporate or personal half.
Last year, the Food and Drug Administration approved the first retinal implant, made by the company Second Sight.
External devices, like the brainwave-reading skull cap made by the company NeuroSky have none of these risks.
I ended up spending about 80 to 90 percent of my computing time with Apple’s big phone.
Phablets made by Samsung and other companies have become a huge global hit.
Apple also introduced a new small phone, the iPhone 6, with a 4.7-inch screen.
Apple has the best shot at delivering on the promise of such technology in part.
Apple, unlike many competitors, tackled that concern, offering an array of watch faces and bands.
In December, we won a job from a Chicago company that for over a decade has bought from China.
It would have been possible for those companies to maintain the lowest cost of production in the United States.
Both Nokis and MIcrosoft are established companies blindsided by new innovators.
Before that time, Nokia’s stock was off about 60 percent since Mr. Elop joined the company in September 2010.
His choices include major layoffs, selling office space and shedding pet technologies.
The company pet technologies is the aging operating system for mobile devices.
Those calls gave the Finnish company a badly needed sense of urgency.
Before in Microsoft, he worked in the information systems of Juniper Networks, a computer networking company.
He ran the information systems, and ran field operations for Adobe, which makes tools for digital content.
Then Mr. Elop left his family in Washington while he relocated to Espoo, Finland, where Nokia is based.
It partly because its purchase of a mapping company could have presented a conflict with Google Maps.
If the company didn’t make some drastic, risky decisions, it was doomed to fail.
This was a company where workers expected to stay their whole lives.
It includes the well-known companies selling servers that suit a specific purpose.
It includes those companies that hope a household brand name like Hewlett-Packard will help sales.
That was off 9.7 percent and 10 percent, from the analysts’ year-ago numbers.
Dell slightly higher, and it put the “Others” in fourth place.
Cisco’s network-based servers, part of the company’s overall push into network-based cloud computing, is gaining ground.
A flurry of start-ups, like Pebble, are coming out with timepieces that claim to redefine what goes on the wrist.
Both companies have since discontinued those efforts with little to show for them.
Kuninori So is the vice president of the technology consultancy, ROA Holdings.
Casio executives say another advantage is the longer battery life of its watches.
In an interview, Yukio Kashio pointed out that the company has won intense product wars before.
The executive, Hugo Barra, is one of the highest-profile Westerners to join a Chinese technology company.
At Google, he has served as vice president for Google’s Android mobile operating system.
But now companies like Xiaomi, Lenovo and Huawei seem intent on expanding internationally.
That put it well behind the leader, Samsung Electronics of South Korea.
He intended to help Xiaomi to expand their incredible product portfolio and business globally.
That is less than half the price of high-end phones from Samsung or Apple.
The chief executive of Xiaomi, Lei Jun, has taken a page from the marketing playbook of Steven P. Jobs.
Google pulled much of its business out of mainland China three years ago.
Mr. Lei said this month that the company had raised new funding from outside investors in a deal.
When American tech upstarts float their companies on the stock market, they often sell investors on a familiar dream.
Alibaba’s long-term goal highlights the difference in scope between Chinese Internet firms and their American counterparts.
A coalition of hardware and software companies, calling itself the Fido Alliance.
Companies affiliated with Fido are already testing products, like fingerprint readers and software that recognizes faces and voices.
Apple’s new iPhones took a step closer Wednesday to being offered by the world’s biggest cellphone carrier, China Mobile.
Will the 5C be able to turn around the company’s fortunes there?
Pegatron, a company based in Taiwan that is the main assembler of the iPhone 5C.
When you really look at it, Apple didn’t make a cheaper phone.
Apple made a more expensive phone so that they could call iPhone 5C a cheaper phone.
If an agreement with China Mobile comes soon, Apple could gains access to a vast new consumer base.
Apple appears to be marking up the iPhone 5C substantially in China, potentially giving it room to maneuver later.
China Unicom and China Telecom together have more than 400 million subscribers.
Apple could still make the phones accessible to a broader range of Chinese consumers.
Apple can push carriers to provide substantial subsidies or by accepting lower wholesale prices in return for higher sales.
Apple, if they want to, can still be aggressive, depending on what they do with the operators.
Analysts were all over the map with their reactions to the company’s new phones and sales strategy.
Apple' new iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S would be available in the United States, Japan and China.
Many people hope the less-expensive phone, the 5C, will help Apple improve international sales.
Apple knew exactly what it was doing, and set the price accordingly.
Anyone expecting Apple to come truly down market with the iPhone 5C was fooling themselves.
A company even tried to invent a contraption called the TV Stove, which was both a TV and a stove.
Mr. Tetrick concedes that the company isn't close to achieving the goal.
Mr. Tetrick has been careful to play down his goal for his company.
Klein likens the company's egg-replacing strategy to the process a drug company might use to fight disease.
The company's next goal is to make an eggless liquid that, when fried, turns into scrambled eggs.
Mr. Tetrick believes that it won't be long till the company creates the perfect eggless scramble.
Ford Motor Co. engineer Kevin Tallio holds up a twisty series of loops made of hardened sand.
There are several multistory buildings stacked floor to ceiling with computers to run the company's engineering programs around the world.
Hackers are unable to breach the computer network at a big oil company.
Downloading code gave the attackers a foothold in the business’s vast computer network.
Companies are scrambling to seal up their systems from hackers and government snoops.
Companies are having to look in the unlikeliest of places for vulnerabilities.
Companies have always needed to be diligent in keeping ahead of hackers.
The access comes through software controlling all kinds of services a company needs.
Vincent Berk is the chief executive of FlowTraq, a network security firm.
The management software of all sorts of devices connects directly to corporate networks.
George Kurtz is the chief executive of Crowdstrike, a security firm.
Billy Rios is the director of threat intelligence at Qualys, a security firm.
Corporations to set up their networks sloppily, with their air-conditioning systems connected to the same network.
Hitachi Business Microscope is a gadget about the size of a company ID badge.
Companies that introduce wearables should aim for goals like worker safety and autonomy.
The company will then be able to adjust its offerings to smooth out the visitor experience.
Players wear OptimEye monitoring devices from Catapult Sports embedded in their undershirts.
He, in turn, paid tribute to a friend of his: Frank Swift, president of Swift Food Equipment Inc. in Philadelphia.
Within my first week of working at a start-up, I acquired a gut.
At Sun Microsystems, nursing mothers were provided lounges for breast-feeding and an on-call “lactation consultant.”
But New York’s tight market for skilled start-up labor has produced an even more sophisticated arms race.
On a recent Friday afternoon, employees sat serenely in the firm’s SoHo offices.
The free lunches and self-replenishing pantries of New York’s start-ups can occasionally bring to mind Cockaigne.
Artsy, an art appreciation platform, hosts a weekly happy hour in its Chinatown office that features 360-degree views of Manhattan.
The lifestyle publication Thrillist reigns supreme, with two fully stocked bars and a rotating schedule of liquor tastings.
With start-ups subsidizing round-the-clock snacking and drinking, it’s easy to pack on weight.
Many companies offer free gym memberships, yoga classes and group SoulCycle outings to keep employees in fighting form.
Multitaskers at Squarespace can choose to work from ErgoErgo chairs if they wish.
Spotify hands out free concert tickets and treats employees to performances from artists like Sheryl Crow.
Birchbox employees can sign up to get manicures and haircuts in the office.
I’ve heard that one company has Juice Press juices in their communal fridge that you can take.
The more we see companies escalating with perks, the more we’ll hear about things that seem outrageous.
It sounds elitist, but these people are highly important to the economy and to the company.
The space is now an American Express venture capital office and a startup incubator.
Silicon Valley’s other big car start-up, Tesla, experienced more bad news.
The company has been criticized for the way it has bungled the process.
It had recently been on the upswing after the company released a slate of well-reviewed phones.
It can’t be good when planes across the world are reminding passengers that Samsung’s phones can spontaneously detonate.
There’s no real parallel in America that can illustrate just how influential Samsung is in South Korea.
The company was also pretty incompetent when his Samsung oven broke, sending a technician seven times before ultimately replacing it.
We are hoping Tesla, when marketing its products, will be more cautious.
Zhou Yahui will have to transfer nearly 300 million shares of his company to his wife, Li Qiong.
He made headlines when his company purchased a controlling stake in Grindr for $93 million.
In the private sector, companies invested billions of dollars in cloud-computing centers.
Guy Beutelschies is the director of interplanetary missions at Lockheed Martin.
There are nearly as many quirkily named startups as letters in the alphabet that are trying to liberate email.
Apple's ultra-thin original has stayed on top with upgrades and price drops.
Apple cut the base price to $899 during a minor refresh.
That once outrageously priced laptop is now the most affordable laptop Apple has ever sold.
If so, what should Apple pull out of the envelope next?
Even the iPads that Apple sells for $399 have more pixels per inch than the MacBook Airs.
Presumably, Apple is worried about sacrificing battery life for a better screen.
Apple is preparing to release a 12-inch Air with a Retina screen and a new design later this year,
I really want to come out of the envelope one day is a piece of hardware.
This relied on my company's Web version of Outlook for email and calendar.
There are virtual private network tools for accessing your office intranet remotely.
My company doesn't support VPN that works with Chrome OS. 
Apple Inc. is expanding its reach into a lucrative customer base.
The utility, a subsidiary of PPL Corp., approved the iPhone for employees in 2010.
The utility's engineers who run power plants use iPads to record how much electricity is generated.
Warehouse managers use the tablet to scan bar codes and track the utility's tools and materials.
Apple's success in the corporate world can also create more challenges.
The iPhone continues to be the device that makes the company tick.
The company aims to protect its core search business as competitors hover.
They don't have the clout to make significant deals with entertainment companies.
The company released its first flat-panel computer millet tablet on Thursday.
Headquartered in Beijing, millet company also released a new TV on Thursday.
The company says it is equipped with an ultra-high-definition 4K screen.
The company unveiled plans to expand Android, its mobile operating system, for new categories.
The company makes a line of boxes for streaming video content to televisions.
Those companies are also aided recently by low-cost display panels from Taiwan.
The quality of entry-level Chinese 4K TVs lags that of companies like Sony and Samsung Electronics Co.
The company recently announced plans to deliver a 110-inch TV in early 2014.
The company also sells 4K video cameras and 4K movie projectors to customers in Hollywood. 
Companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter look at the queries, observations, updates and enthusiasms we write on their services.
That gives a sense of what the big web companies might see when they look at us.
Using a link to Facebook posts, the company analyzes the language in which we write.
It gives people a sense of what social media companies are doing with us, probably with much greater sophistication.
When Steven P. Jobs led Apple, he created a core principle for the company's designers and engineers。
What does innovation culture look like at Apple under Tim Cook? 
Rovio Entertainment Ltd. is the games company behind the immensely popular Angry Birds franchise.
The company has spent years building a revenue base by offering Angry Birds games that cost money to download.
The company has experimented with the free-to-play strategy in the past.
The company build awareness ahead of the first feature-length Angry Birds cartoon, set to premiere in July 2016.
This move has made Rovio one of the best-known players in the industry. 
Liu hops on a three-wheeled electric bike and makes home deliveries for his e-commerce company JD.com.
Several analysts say the company won’t turn a profit before 2017.
So, I tell my people: Definitely do not get involved with JD.com.
JD insists that they are building a company that will eventually have a commanding advantage in e-commerce.
Shen Haoyu is chief executive of JD Mall, the company’s biggest division.
With money running low in 2006, Mr. Liu sought $2 million from a Hong Kong venture capital firm.
The firm, Capital Today, put up $10 million instead, for a large minority stake.
The stake is now worth close to $2.4 billion, even after the firm sold some of its shares.
With no Chinese equivalent of FedEx or UPS, packages often arrived late, in dented boxes.
So beginning in 2007, JD did something no other Chinese e-commerce company was willing to do then or since.
Today, the company boasts seven fulfillment centers and 118 warehouses in 39 cities.
Today, traffic to its website is exploding and the company is filling more than two million orders a day.
Mr. Liu led the company’s public stock offering on the Nasdaq early last year, which raised $1.78 billion.
It benefits corporate America or helps government snoop on personal privacy. 
The company uses it for storing bits of other people's files. 
I had to ask the company's founders how certain features functioned. 
Mr. Bezos declined to say whether the company would make a profit on each phone sold. 
How do you connect your phone to both your work and personal calendar? 
Amazon's phone is making its debut at a pivotal time in the business.
The company this year released to limited availability its Google Glass wearable computer. 
The company has also been at loggerheads with state officials in Pennsylvania.
It seeks to achieve its strategic reinvention as a cloud software and services company. 
The company is helping customers pick and integrate public cloud software. 
Dell is investing $300 million over the next several years in startups. 
It hopes this effort will generate capital gains for the company.
The company also rolled out a cloud version of HANA for businesses. 
Perhaps no company has endured a more difficult time in 2013 than BlackBerry Ltd..
The company in November abandoned a $4.7 billion plan to go private. 
Mr. Haines is replaced by former Sybase Inc. CEO John Chen. 
The British distilling company is rolling out a virtual storefront on e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.'s Tmall shopping site.
The productions of this company includes the maker of Johnnie Walker and Baileys.
The company hopes the Web will drive sales of premium spirits and lesser-known brands in China such as Tanqueray gin.
The company's Chinese liquor brand, Shui Jing Fang, suffered setbacks as well.
Pernod Ricard launched its first Tmall flagship store in November 2012.
An affiliate of the company is one step closer to taking greater control of Yu'e Bao.
Employees at asset managers don't usually get equity ownership of their firms.
Tianhong is only the second Chinese asset manager to give its employees an ownership stake. 
The decision to give fund managers a stake in the company should improve Yu'e Bao's returns.
The company is controlled by Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma and others. 
They imposed no restrictions on the production and use of rare earths by companies within China.
Lockheed Martin used the same circuitry as Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. 
The Ant Financial Services is a privately held company controlled by the Alibaba’s founder Jack Ma.
Sesame Credit is one of eight new privately owned credit-scoring businesses.
It had presented the findings to unidentified top Alibaba executives in a July 17 meeting.
The company said it would file a formal complaint to the agency.
Others point out that removed listings often quickly reappear under different names.
Alibaba would cooperate with the Consumer Product Safety Commission of the United States.
Unvestors will receive shares in the spun-off company in proportion to their stake in Yahoo.
The company was not ready to discuss its plans for its other large investment.
The two companies have some intertwined operations and share intellectual property.
The company was seeing strong growth in its mobile, video, social, native advertising businesses.
The banner ads made the company a juggernaut a decade ago.
The company also gave disappointing projections for its performance in the first quarter.
The group's activities are detailed in a report released Monday by the Silicon Valley security company.
News of clinical trials, regulatory decisions or safety or legal issues can affect a company's stock price.
Starting in mid-2013, it began responding to intrusions at publicly traded companies.
There are also advisory firms, such as investment banking offices or companies that provide legal or compliance services.
In other cases, attackers have used confidential company documents, which they had previously stolen, as aids in their deception.
He said that three of the affected organizations are publicly listed on the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq.
Half of these companies fall into the biotechnology sector，and 13 percent fall into sell medical devices.
The two companies did not confirm the cause of the problem.
Press officials for Sony did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Lizard Squad planned to attack the gaming services on Christmas with a distributed denial of service attack.
The South Korean authorities filed a lawsuit against the company's chief executive, Travis Kalanik.
The license laws prohibit car rental companies from operating the taxi business.
A spokesman for the company could not confirm the specific charges.
Uber will continue to operate in South Korea despite the charges against its chief executive.
Founded in 2009, the San Francisco-based company now operates in almost 250 cities on five continents.
The company has a value of roughly $40 billion, almost the same as General Motors.
The opposition is becoming a major headache, and potential financial risk, for the fast-growing company.
They accused the company of misleading consumers in the driver's screening method.
Local officials considered legislation to allow the company to legally operate.
The company’s background checks of drivers have also come under scrutiny.
The computer system built by IBM beat humans at Jeopardy in 2011.
On Android the app Positive Thinking by the company has a very similar goal.
The Justice Department is also asking Apple to help unlock at least nine mobile phones.
The Justice Department asked Apple to unlock the iPhone that was used by St. Bernardi, California.
The company posted a note on Monday at the official website.
Standard & Poor's reflected that Friday as it allowed the U.K. 
The company is a mash-up of the businesses in which competitors like Google, Yahoo, Oracle, Apple and Nintendo specialize.
It also puts an enormous burden on the company's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer.
Mr. Ballmer recently announced a sweeping reorganization of the company intended to improve its agility.
Oracle had $27.5 billion in software revenue in its latest financial year ending in May.
Microsoft’s big rivals are still more focused than it is. 
The flattening in imports of reprocessing goods reflects a broad move by many multinational companies.
Zhang Yan is an analyst with the consultancy Shanghai JC Intelligence Co. 
The two companies had no intention of slugging it out in a print-versus-digital fight in Japan.
The company launches the new high-end Kobo Aura HD in Europe and the United States in September.
It allows the company to include in ads adult users' profile information and preferences, ratings and posts.
They claimed the company had not adequately notified them about how it was using endorsements.
The company wanted the ability to offer such ads in the future.
In late August, the company tried to impose a new privacy policy.
It would have given the company clearer rights to run social ads without a user's explicit permission. 
Many reports have indicated that the company continues to explore television-related products. 
Corning is the maker of the ultra-tough Gorilla Glass that is used in the iPhone.
The company has scaled the engineering challenge of creating bendable glass that could be used in the iWatch.
The next devices and platforms that companies should focus on will be based on wearable computing.
Apple has been counting on a long-awaited agreement with China Mobile. 
The companies may have to work harder to whip up enthusiasm.
Mr. Cook's trip to Beijing was a testament to the importance.
Apple's woes are similar to those of other U.S. brands in China.
A 30-person study was published in February 2012 in the journal Scientific Reports.
Dennis M. Levi is the dean of University of California Berkeley's School of Optometry and co-author of the study.
Peter J. Bex is a neuroscientist at Schepens Eye Research Institute in Boston.
Using perceptual learning to improve vision has proved viable in several scientific studies.
A study is presented in July at the Asia-Pacific Conference on Vision in China.
A study found that the GlassesOff program improved performance on measures including contrast sensitivity.
Researchers began to suspect defective mitochondria as a cause in more diseases.
The F.D.A. eventually told researchers that they could not perform them without special permission.
Oregon Health and Science University’s National Primate Research Center is one of eight in the country.
For many researchers, this tiny, shiny cue ball of a moon is just over 300 miles wide.
They said she had altered or misrepresented the illustrations in her research papers. 
Riken is one of the biggest and most prestigious scientific institutes in Japan.
Riken shied away from saying whether the group had actually succeeded in creating STAP cells.
Some said that they could not reproduce Ms. Obokata’s research results.
There is a concern in the Wikipedia movement and among people who study it.
Erik Petigura is a graduate student at the University of California, Berkeley.
Natalie Batalha is a Kepler leader from the NASA Ames Research Center.
Sara Seager is an exoplanet astronomer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who was not involved in the work.
The findings are helping to elevate the topic of planetary defense ―― from Hollywood fantasy to real-world concern.
A United Nations committee has been studying the issue for some time.
Dr. Brown and his colleagues instead investigated what has actually hit the Earth. 
With a $5 million grant from NASA, University of Hawaii astronomers are setting up telescopes.
This is the most important work I’ve ever been involved with. 
At a news conference Friday discussing the results, astronomers erupted in praise of the Kepler mission and its team. 
Dimitar D. Sasselov is a professor of astronomy at Harvard and a member of Dr. Pepe’s team.
The teams coordinated their work, agreeing to publish their results at the same time.
Each research would serve as an independent check on the other.
In the end, the two teams came up with nearly identical answers. 
Jack R. Nerad is an analyst with the auto research firm Kelley Blue Book.
It was often the practice of researchers, using variations in traits to define new species.
There was broad recognition that the new findings were a watershed in the study of evolution. 
In several cases, even though he made mistakes along the way, the final result is still correct. 
Darwin apparently never became aware of Mendel’s work, nor did he discover Mendel’s results for himself.
William Borucki of NASA’s Ames Research Center is the founder and leader of the Kepler effort.
Google had observed the spelling mistakes and corrections typed into billions of queries.
But its quality advantage from all that learning beforehand is what makes it better in the early days.
They continue to tweak the malware to add functions and make it less detectable to security researchers.
No research has been performed on babies regarding the safety of Bluetooth or other communications technology.
Researchers say many factors contribute to girls’ reluctance to pursue computing as early as elementary school.
Palo Alto Networks security researchers said this is the reason they call it ‘wire lurker’.
This is why Palo Alto Network researchers say it represents a new brand of threat to all iOS devices.
Though the creator’s ultimate goal is not yet clear, researchers say the malware is actively being updated.
The researcher, Emil Kvarnhammar, said the vulnerability, which he calls “Rootpipe,” allows attackers to gain “root access”.
One study included described a cyberattack of more than 100 banks and other financial institutions in 30 countries.
I interviewed with researchers at the Crimes Against Children Research Center at the University of New Hampshire. 
You don’t need to be a scientific researcher to realize that’s a lot of exposure for children.
Apple appears to be hunting for companies that show what you're doing online and why you're doing it.
The new Watson projects ― some on the cusp of commercialization, others still research initiatives.
That’s not something we thought of when we started with Watson.
John E. Kelly III is I.B.M.’s senior vice president for research.
I.B.M. researchers have watched and talked to Mr. Briscione as he works.
Watson was told to come up with something inspired by Spanish cuisine, but unusual and healthy.
Their field has long been plagued by outbursts of misplaced enthusiasm followed by equally striking declines.
As an undergraduate at the University of Michigan, he worked on solar cars.
He is assistant astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore.
He has patiently developed the proposition in a series of research papers over the last few years.
A more scenic spot to search for America’s botanical heritage is the graveyard.
Research firm Gartner Inc. sees tablet shipments growing this year by 53% compared to 2012.
Ocean researchers are also planning to deploy gliders in the Western Pacific. 
The mid-Atlantic experiment heralds a new direction in ocean research. 
The researchers hope their flotilla of gliders will provide a new perspective.
Maracoos is one of the 16 research groups involved in the project.
Their mobility grants the researchers an unprecedented capacity to adapt their experiments.
Many of the research teams are already planning new, collective experiments for their gliders. 
Steve Howell told a recent gathering of astronomers here at NASA’s Ames Research Center.
So Kepler, will be able to study stars and planets in a variety of environments.
You study the graphs, and you crunch the numbers, and you live a longer, healthier life.
No studies or academic papers have established any correlation between motion and the depth of sleep.
The Economist Intelligence Unit is a research outfit affiliated with The Economist magazine.
In some cases, the study says, Asian Internet companies have simply been held back by a lack of international ambition.
The study says Asian Internet companies have been hobbled by factors.
Hal Bennett, a drone researcher, has a possible answer for that.
While his drones are still in a research phase, and very much under wraps.
Researchers have suspended ions in magnetic fields, trapped photons or manipulated phosphorus atoms in silicon.
Lissauer is a science co-investigator on the $600 million Kepler space telescope mission.
Jason Rowe is a research scientist at the SETI Institute and a member of the Kepler science group.
The creation of such systems was led by researchers in a field known as human-computer interaction design.
The first experimental-research results are just becoming available to speech scientists.
Mr. Black is now a professor at the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.
“Jeopardy!” was a particularly challenging speech synthesis problem for IBM’s researchers。
The researchers looked for a machine voice that was slow, steady and most importantly “pleasant.” 
Dr. Cooper does research in the mathematical realm of number theory.
The researchers used rose cuttings in their study, as well as some living rose plants.
The researchers combine the wires with electrolytes naturally present in the plant.
The research appears to be the furthest along of several research efforts involving monkeys.
The complexity and variability of autism are difficult to study in those less-advanced animals.
That doesn’t give you a lot of time to study their development.
It’s very logical that a primate would make a better model of human development and neurodegeneration.
Other researchers are creating monkeys with genes linked to neuromotor and psychiatric disorders.
Mu-Ming Poo is the director at the Institute of Neuroscience in China.
Cases have been linked to about 100 mutations, some inherited and some developing spontaneously.
Dr. Zoghbi helped discover that mutated forms of MECP2 cause Rett Syndrome.
His research involves transgenic Huntington’s disease monkeys at Yerkes National Primate Research Center in Atlanta.
Monkeys may offer better opportunities to observe autism developing from infancy.
A subset of these genetic models of autism in mouse can be studied much more intensely in primate models.
Last month, Bloomberg reported that Samsung was studying the possibility of including such an innovation in its Galaxy S5. 
Bloomberg does not mention the progress of Samsung's eye-scahn studies. 
Also, their research found people who spotted it did generally understand that the device was a camera.
Damour directs the Center for Research on Girls at Laurel School in Shaker Heights, Ohio.
Jones works at the University of New Hampshire’s Crimes Against Children Research Center. 
Bryant Walker Smith is a fellow at Stanford University's Center for Automotive Research.
It's the National Center on Sleep Disorders Research at the National Institutes of Health.
Google is working on contact-specific notifications and the next version of Android. 
Eric Betzig is from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Virginia.
Stefan W. Hell is from the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Germany.
The technology allows the molecular processes to be viewed in real time.
The three laureates have themselves employed their innovations to study biology at the smallest scales.
This research has a direct impact on the grandest of scales.
A young research associate is at Matsushita Research Institute in Tokyo.
Their work subsequently funded the construction of a whole new research institute.
A whole new research institute is called the Nagoya University Akasaki Institute.
Researchers are at the University of Michigan and researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles.
A study was by Diana Tamir and Jason Mitchell of Harvard. 
The researcher did not reveal the names of the people he found.
The difficulty of protecting the privacy of volunteers involved in medical research. 
Barbara Koenig is a researcher at the University of California in San Francisco.
Eric D. Green is a director of the National Human Genome Research Institute at the National Institutes of Health.
The researchers should be able to narrow their search to just a few likely individuals.
On the Web and publicly available are DNA sequences from subjects in the 1000 Genomes Project.
He and his colleagues went on to get detailed family trees for other subjects.
Adam Miner is a clinical psychologist at Stanford’s Clinical Excellence Research Center.
Microsoft company will evaluate the JAMA study and its findings. 
The company would use the study to further bolster our actions.
These phones were the researchers’ own devices and display models in stores.
Researchers found that tone of voice, time of day, and the speaker’s gender were irrelevant. 
Sara Witsch is a theater studies major at San Francisco State University, 
A crew of astronauts would rendezvous with the asteroid to examine it.
This is the kind of research that NASA should be doing more of.
Studies have found a discrepancy rate of anywhere from 0.8 percent to 30 percent with the median being 3.7 percent.
Sara Katsanis is in Duke University’s Institute for Genome Sciences and Policy. 
These versions can comb through studies and patient records to determine the optimal treatment for a particular cancer.
Amazon investigated replacing the plain brown shipping box with a fancier package for clothes.
There her adviser, the future Nobel laureate Jack Szostak, was doing research on RNA.
But her inability to visualize this catalytic RNA hindered her work.
Structural and biochemical studies of RNA in action have been her forte ever since.
I remember thinking this is probably the most obscure thing I ever worked on.
The bacterial expert and the structural biologist decided to work together.
The researchers also found that the two RNA pieces could be combined into one and still function.
His patent application included pages from a lab notebook he said demonstrated that.
Dr. Doudna co-founded Caribou Biosciences to work on research uses of Crispr-Cas9.
Dr. Charpentier, who is now at the Helmholtz Center for Infection Research in Germany, helped start Crispr Therapeutics.
She and Dr. Doudna remain friends, but no longer collaborate on research.
Researchers were trying to use Crispr-Cas9 to make inheritable DNA changes in embryos.
They said basic research on inheritable changes should still be done.
Dr. Doudna said it was not practical to prohibit basic research.
He was a graduate student when he created a technology with a classmate, Bernard Silver.
Michael Mandel is an economist at the Progressive Policy Institute in Washington.
David Santschi is chief executive at TrimTabs Investment Research in Sausalito, Calif.
These gravitational waves are the long-sought markers for a theory called inflation.
Because advertisers are still figuring out how to make them most effective.
But Google is at the forefront, with vast research about what kinds of questions people want answered ― and when.
Company executives have said that they are strategizing on how best to compete in China.
Elizabeth Hunter is a postdoctoral researcher on the expedition from the University of Georgia. 
Amy J. Wagers continued to study the blood of young mice.
At Stanford, researchers were investigating whether the blood of young mice altered the brains of old mice. 
Dr. Villeda now is a faculty fellow at the University of California, San Francisco.
Dr. Wagers’s team has been investigating a specific region of the brain involved in perceiving smells.
Dr. Wagers and her colleagues studied whether the protein was also responsible for the changes in the brain. 
Dr. Richard M. Ransohoff is the director of the Neuroinflammation Research Center at the Cleveland Clinic.
Dr. Ransohoff and others hope the experiments on mice will lead to studies on people.
Myhrvold was drawn into asteroids research when the B612 Foundation asked him to contribute money for Sentinel.
The results had been validated by independent observations and other researchers.
In a 2014 study by the drug company Novartis, the drug appeared to bolster the immune system in older patients.
People understand ‘my relative died of a heart attack, so I’m going to give money to that.
Researchers found they could significantly extend the lives of simple laboratory organisms.
Ms. Gemmell was a research coordinator for human clinical trials at a hospital.
Over 1,500 dog owners applied to participate in the trial of rapamycin, the first of which was published in 2009.
The researchers who set out to test it in mice had trouble formulating it for easy consumption.
Andrew Dillin was a biology of aging researcher at the University of California, Berkeley.
The test would be a boon for a study of rapamycin that would have implications for both species.
Even if the study provided positive results on all fronts, a human trial would carry risks.
Brett Sappington is a director of research at Dallas-based Parks Associates.
Last October, Chinese researchers discovered another intriguing clue in a cave: 47 teeth.
Jonathan K. Pritchard, a geneticist at Stanford University, was not involved in the study.
More examinations of ancient DNA would help resolve the many questions raised by the new study.
Wohlleben Ppresents scientific research and his own observations in highly anthropomorphic terms.
Andrew Monaghan is studying the interaction of climate and health at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colo.
Recent studies suggest that Neanderthal genes even influence human health today, contributing to conditions from allergies to depression.
Three years later, the Max Planck team reconstructed the complete genome of a male Neanderthal.
Bence Viola is a paleontologist at the University of Toronto and a co-author of the new study.
Repeated studies show what accumulates is germy nastiness worse than what is on the bottom of your shoe.
Some researchers suggested the craters could be lined with silicate compounds or sulfur.
Researchers believe it was the oldest ancestor of the panda bear.
Researchers found 11.6 million-year-old fossil jaws and teeth that bear a strong resemblance to the giant panda.
It is reported their findings in the current issue of the journal PLoS One.
The researchers believe that Kretzoiarctos was about the size of a sun bear.
Dr. Berke is a chemist who has studied the history of blue pigment.
Jo B·Paoletti is a historian of dress at of the University of Maryland.
Darpa is a the government agency that helped invent the Internet.
Geoffrey Marcy is an exoplanet astronomer at the University of California, Berkeley.
I send a probe there to study the new planet and others.
A study reports that a diet of G.M.O. corn caused tumors in rats.
The politics battles over stem-cell research, climate change and the teaching of evolution.
Field tests to study new G.M.O. crops would also be prohibited.
Jon Jenkins is from NASA’s Ames Research Center, home of the Kepler project.
A recent report from researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology highlighted the challenge.
Federal support for basic energy research has been limited by the many Republicans in Congress.
For a decade, concepts for sending a spacecraft there had been studied but never done.
That quick study sketched out a basic design that would turn into New Horizons.
Over the years, he had worked on various studies for Pluto missions, none of which had paid off.
The Johns Hopkins laboratory had already started working on the technology in a separate project.
Two studies in the current edition of the scientific journal Cell Metabolism suggest the opposite. 
Both studies found a strong association between longevity and a low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet.
These studies are anything but definitive, showing only associations derived from highly limited evidence. 
Last year, the American Federation for Aging Research hosted a symposium on 'Optimal Protein Intake for Older Adults. 
That suggests, as other research has shown, that there may be benefits from minimizing consumption of animal-based protein. 
Indeed, the Australian researchers acknowledge that the same results may not be achieved in a different strain of mice.
Ron Rosedale, saw the studies as vindicating his longtime warning about the risks of excessive protein. 
If people take these studies as a thumbs up for high carbohydrates, that's missing the point.
The study suggests bright light induces an illusion of warmth that intensifies a person's positive and negative responses. 
Researchers suggest the connection between light and warmth is deeply ingrained in the human psyche.
Six experiments were conducted at the Rotman School of Management in Toronto and involved more than 500 students, 
No gender differences were found in the responses to the aggressive worker or women models, researchers said.
Subjects reported feeling significantly warmer in the brightly lighted room, researchers said. 
Caveat: It isn't known if feelings of warmth increase the perception of light, researchers said.
One common explanation, that clutter can aid creativity, has some support in research. 
Researchers at the University of Minnesota made a study of 48 students published last year. 
He constantly tries to improve his organizing skills through reading and research.
Children's perception of gender roles may be changing, according to new research. 
The research studied hundreds of children's drawings from around the world.
The study analyzed 700 drawings collected through an art therapy website linking psychologists with schools. 
This is one of the most influential studies of human performance.
It roughly two-thirds of people studied do not get enough sleep on weeknights.
The researchers stopped short of advising pregnant women to eat more nuts.
Researchers would separate participating pregnant women into groups and prescribe their diets.
The mothers had reported their diets at or around the time of pregnancy.
People who look at findings about sex differences are excited or enraged.
Dr. Jahanshad and her UCLA collaborators conducted a brain-imaging study of healthy twins.
The study was reported earlier this month in the journal the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Scientists have zapped an electrical current to people's brains to erase distressing memories.
Studies show that certain foods can help alleviate the symptoms of a common cold.
However, the dose that is the most studied is 75 mg or greater.
Gastrointestinal microbiota is becoming the target of more and more research institutions.
Dr. Lynch said the findings are consistent with previous research based on human observations.
The new study identified one specific species of bacteria, Lactobacillus johnsonii.
The new research and other recent studies suggest there are some differences.
They reported on Wednesday the research that supported their findings. 
Au. sediba had a diet that was different from those of most early African hominins studied so far.
Studies of additional fossils from the Malapa caves will provide a better understanding of the dietary ecology of Au. sediba.
He called the findings "intriguing" and the research "an imaginative and multisided approach".
Fortunately, rumor has it that more specimens are on the way.
The study detected the remaining isotopes of leaves, fruits and bark.
He explained why the research was important to an understanding of human evolution.
The finding shows fetuses receiving blood transfusions produced increased stress hormones and blood flow to the brain.
Neurological research has convinced him that pain is not possible at all before 24 weeks.
The Guttmacher Institute is a research group that supports abortion rights.
Much research involves children or adults, making implications for fetuses unclear. 
Some researchers say pain-sensing ability depends on consciousness, which may itself emerge gradually.
Dr. Rosen, in 2005 co-authored an influential analysis of many studies, eventually wrote an influential essay.
They said studies cited by fetal-pain law supporters were not persuasive when weighed together with other available information.
This research, involving children ages 1 to 5, is persuasive evidence that the unborn child feels pain at 20 weeks.
Premature infants shows the then-common practice of not anesthetizing infants undergoing surgery caused hormonal stress responses.
Premature infants shows the then-common practice of not anesthetizing infants undergoing surgery impeded recoveries.
They led a painstaking survey of tissue taken from mice, some awake and others asleep.
The second study was led by Graham H. Diering, a postdoctoral researcher at Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. Diering and his colleagues set out to explore the synaptic homeostasis hypothesis by studying the proteins in mouse brains.
To find out, he and his colleagues studied mice genetically engineered so that they couldn’t make Homer1A proteins.
Dr. Diering’s research suggests that sleepiness triggers neurons to make Homer1A and ship it into their synapses.
But when the researchers put the mice in a different chamber, they saw a big difference.
Other researchers cautioned that the new findings weren’t definitive proof of the synaptic homeostasis hypothesis.
Marcos G. Frank is a sleep researcher at Washington State University in Spokane.
Markus H. Schmidt, of the Ohio Sleep Medicine Institute, said that the brain might prune synapses during sleep.
Previous studies of ice cores from Greenland dated to A.D. 946, when the Millennium Eruption occurred.
The team thought the ice core estimates might have been low.
By analyzing the white pumice for geochemical clues, the team found some clues.
She hopes the results from their work with the North Koreans will lead to further research.
Some children, researchers have found, have neural networks that look as if they belong to an adult.
Dr. Somerville’s own research focuses on how the changes in the maturing brain affect how people think.
The authors asked a group of 18- to 21-year-olds to lie in an fMRI scanner and look at a monitor.
Laurence Steinberg is a psychologist at Temple University and an author of the study.
She was reluctant to offer specific policy suggestions based on her brain research.
Researchers need to do large-scale studies to track its development from year to year, well into the 20s or beyond.
Mark Davis and 18 other researchers submitted an article in 2011 saying just that in the journal Nature.
The study does not distinguish between island species and land or ocean species.
A team of researchers from Yale University say they have figured out the monster's identity.
To come to their conclusion, team members first pored over 1,200 Tully monster specimens from museums.
They closely examined the creature's features, like its torpedo-shaped body and triangular tail.
Researchers had to narrow down the type of chordate to which it was most similar.
Already, Voyager 1 has achieved what Dr. Gurnett called “the holy grail of heliosphere research.”
According to Unesco, further study is needed to determine exactly how much water there is and its quality.
I spent more than 25 years researching the health of corals and sustainability of reefs.
He is a Samburu tribesman who had worked with a researcher from the environmental organization Save the Elephants.
Glenn I. Roisman was the director of the Relationships Research Lab.
My colleagues and I at Massachusetts General Hospital recently studied superagers to understand what made them tick.
Our research demonstrates that these major hub regions play a meaningful role in superaging. 
But the research is under increasing fire by some Republican leaders in Congress.
Kangerlussuaq serves as a base for researchers to prepare for fieldwork on the ice sheet.
As the researchers began setting up the tent, Overstreet moved toward the river, which was silently crossing the ice.
These findings suggested that the negative emotional signals initially associated with lying decrease as the brain becomes desensitized.
The study could not determine exactly what type of response the decreased activity in the amygdala represented.
The research was led by Neil Garrett, a doctoral student at University College London at the time.
In previous research, it had been really, really difficult to characterize the neural processes that underlie purposeful lying.
The new study, provided one way of doing that, and showed the importance of considering the emotional component of dishonesty.
We need to be cautious when generalizing research conclusions to real-world.
The researchers asked the subjects to help the unseen partner guess the number of coins in the jar.
Sometimes, researchers would take steps to encourage research subjects to lie.
Participants were told that they would be paid more if their partners overestimated the money in the jar.
He hoped that the study could be repeated in other more realistic settings.
Another study could look at what might stop people from escalating their dishonesty.
If the results of this study stand up to the test, the conclusion seems clear.
The paper was written by a team of researchers led by George Church of Harvard University.
Our competitors must provide a sequencing kit for graduate students who have just got out of bed after a hangover.
It was on this basis, using sensitive spectrography on a telescope in Chile, that the Geneva team concluded by 2007.
Eric Ford, an astronomer at the University of Florida who is involved with Kepler.
Could one more finding or one more expedition help turn the tide of public awareness?
No matter then or now, Dr.Broecker is the leading American paleoclimatologist.
A realization began to form that the tropics were important to global climates of the past. 
Physicists said that they would probably be studying the new Higgs particle for years.
On that basis, Dr. Heuer said he had decided only Tuesday afternoon to call the Higgs result a "discovery".
He doubted his idea for the company when he researched U.S. companies in 2010.
A leading researcher said there might be five more such cases in Canada and three in South Africa.
On Wednesday researchers announced a “gene editing” advance that might enable immune cells to repel the virus.
Researchers are reporting that injections of long-lasting AIDS drugs protected monkeys for weeks against infection.
If the findings can be replicated in humans, they have the potential to overcome a major problem in AIDS prevention.
It has been known since 2010 that healthy people taking a small daily dose of antiretroviral drugs.
Some participants in one PreP study told researchers that they were scared by rumors about side effects.
Dr. David Ho iS the director of the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center at Rockefeller University.
In the other study,six female monkeys were given monthly injections of GSK744. 
Liquid containing human-simian immunodeficiency virus, was pumped into their vaginas, simulating sex with an infected monkey.
The Rockefeller researchers did a similar experiment with 16 monkeys using the same drug. 
The studies were presented here on Tuesday at the annual Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections.
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci is director of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
A similar experimental drug known as TMC278 was tested in monkeys several years ago and also protected them.
Little attention was paid then “because people were focused on other things,” .
Volunteers were made to itch like crazy on one arm, but not allowed to scratch. 
When researchers scratched them and when they were finally allowed to scratch themselves,what parts of their brains lit up.
The scientific question was this: Why does it feel so good to scratch an itch?
The study results were published in December in the journal PLOS One.
Itching was long overshadowed by pain in both research and treatment。
Research has found nerves, molecules and cellular receptors that are specific for itching and set it apart from pain.
The medical profession has begun to take it seriously as a debilitating problem that deserves to be studied and treated.
Within the last decade, there has been a flurry of research into what causes itching and how to stop it.
Along with brain imaging, studies have begun to look at gene activity.
The concern is not so much the fleeting nastiness of mosquito bites and poison ivy.
For the first time in the United States, itching research and treatment centers have opened:
Her research includes studying various strains of itchy mice that are models for human ailments.
His team was studying receptors, molecules on cells that respond to certain chemical signals to change the cells’ behavior.
Tests found a rare form of a genetic disease, epidermolysis bullosa.
A study is published in the journal Academic Emergency Medicine in 2008.
Sex-based research is a crucial part of understanding the underlying mechanisms of pain. 
Sex-based research is the most effective ways to treat it for men and women alike. 
Several studies have linked calcium supplements to an increased risk of heart attacks and death from cardiovascular disease. 
Others have found no effect, depending on the population studied and when calcium supplementation was begun.
The Iowa Women’s Health Study linked higher calcium intakes in postmenopausal women to a reduced risk of heart disease deaths.
Controversy over calcium supplements arose when a combined analysis of 15 studies.
In February this year, another study was published online in JAMA Internal Medicine.
What will sway A.C.O.G. are a couple of studies in progress showing a potential long-term neurological benefit.
The study is a tour de force, and the authors are the top people in the field.
This is the first time in diabetes research that a mutation that destroys a gene has proved beneficial.
Usually researchers look for mutations that increase ― rather than decrease ― the risk of diseases.
The group started with populations in Finland and Sweden, where 28,000 people had been studied for years.
It studies the genes of 18,000 people in Sweden, fat and thin, old and young, with diabetes and without.
Dr. David Altshuler is the deputy director of the Broad Institute of Harvard and M.I.T. and the study’s lead author.
That's because it contradicted what was known from studies with mice.
Now the researchers are asking whether the mutation has any bad health effects.
A handful of studies have found substantial variations in the risks for common diseases predicted by direct-to-consumer companies.
Additional research led me to two more: Genetic Testing Laboratories and Pathway Genomics.
But these segments, which have been linked to diseases in research studies, vary among people.
I am a graduate student there in his Master of Bioethics program.
Each test studied four to 15 markers, with almost zero overlap, though two tests reached similar conclusions about my odds.
Dr. Saint Cyr estimates his study will be completed by April or May.
About 30 years of using a colony of chimpanzees in Liberia for biomedical research ended 10 years ago.
The Liberian Institute for Biomedical Research in Charlesville cares for the chimpanzees, who live uncaged on six mangrove islands.
The institute cannot afford to pay for their food and care.
The history of the research center, called Vilab II, dates back to 1974.
The blood center contracted with the institute to do research primarily on the hepatitis virus.
A decade ago, the blood center appeared to be committed to caring for the chimps in retirement.
In 2007, the blood center withdrew its staff from the institute in Liberia, but continued to support the chimpanzees.
In January, the blood center informed the institute that March 5 would be the last day of support.
There are only four known specimens remaining, and only one female ― an 85-year-old resident of the Suzhou Zoo.
With no case studies to go on, the team had to improvise.
Other research has tied air pollution to a higher risk of heart attacks, stroke and other ills.
J. León Morales-Quezada is a senior research associate at Harvard’s Laboratory of Neuromodulation.
Other studies have found it can improve everything from working memory to long-term memory.
It took Priori six years to get his findings published in a scientific journal, in 1998. 
Michael A. Nitsche was one of the first researchers to take Priori’s results seriously.
Researchers hope to eventually win the approval of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
One of the most striking examples of cognitive enhancement comes from research supported by the U.S. Air Force.
He has been studying tDCS at the Air Force Research Laboratory at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. 
He has done studies on the effects of tDCS on aphasia, mental flexibility and reading ability. 
This lack of basic electrophysiological research is a reason for his institute’s modest funding support so far. 
The success rate for getting tDCS proposals funded by N.I.H. is less than half the average.
Szent-Gyorgyi’s experiments were part of a wave of early-20th-century research that pulled back the curtain on vitamins. 
It appears that vitamins were essential to life from its earliest stages some four billion years ago. 
After six years of tinkering and testing, Dr. Sen and a graduate student, Paul Cernak got a finding.
Rebecca Stevens is from the French National Institute for Agricultural Research.
It turns out that their GULO gene is disabled by a different set of mutations from the ones we carry.
It turns out that the cows and other animals that we consume don’t make B12 in their own cells. 
New research suggests that some fruits may be better than others, and that fruit juice is not a good substitute.
Researchers wonder whether some fruits might have a stronger effect than others.
In this reasearch, among 185,000 people, 12,198 developed Type 2 diabetes.
Researchers controll for many health and behavioral factors in this reasearch.
Researchers found that some fruits had no significant effect on the risk for Type 2 diabetes.
Dr. Qi Sun is an assistant professor of medicine at Harvard and the senior author of the study.
Sex researchers have found that the novel type of autoerotism shows up mainly in women.
The lab atmosphere is no-nonsense, with plenty of lights and white coats and computer monitors.
Nan Wise is a doctoral candidate at Rutgers who helps run the project.
It is easy to dismiss the research as a new kind of narcissism in search of scientific respectability.
People easily tend to think this research let a kinky pleasure come out of the shadows.
The research is also illuminating a plausible neurological basis for the long intermingling of sexuality and mysticism.
Perhaps most important, The spontaneous orgasm research illustrates how little we really know of human physiology.
The investigations of spontaneous orgasm began more than a century ago.
In 1948, Alfred C. Kinsey of Indiana University and his colleagues published Sexual Behavior in the Human Male.
Sexual Behavior in the Human Male looked at thousands of cases.
The study noted only two in which men could reach climax by deliberate concentration of thought on erotic situations.
Fascinated, Ogden took up the topic for her doctoral research and dissertation.
In 1980, Ogden mentioned her research while giving a talk at a conference on women’s issues.
Barry R. Komisaruk is a biologist on the Newark campus of Rutgers, who specializes in orgasm research.
They studied 10 women who, despite the laboratory setting, reached sexual climax by indulging in erotic imagery.
Dr. Komisaruk had difficulty finding enough volunteers for a thorough study until he met Ms. Wise, the Rutgers doctoral student.
The Society for Neuroscience is the world’s largest group for brain research,
Dr. Ogden, from her home in Cambridge, Mass Ogden praised the research.
Ogden said the research is likely to expand the accepted definition of female sexuality.
Sex research for a long time shortchanged women by asking the wrong questions, or asking very limited questions.
Now a new study suggests that one reason may be the impact that sleep deprivation has on the brain.
The new study showed that the changes in brain activity were evident even when the subjects were fed extra food.
One pivotal study was published at the University of Colorado in March.
Other studies have found that the underlying effects of sleep deprivation on the body can in many ways be pronounced.
In the new study, Dr. Walker and his colleagues recruited 23 healthy men and women.
The research showed that when the subjects were sleep-deprived, they strongly preferred the food choices with highest calories.
One expert who was not involved in the new study, Dr. Kenneth P. Wright called the findings exciting.
The Dictionary of Modern Standard Chinese, first published by the Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press in 2004.
It may be the most illuminating literary project of our era, the Pew Research Center’s sequence of reports on millennials.
What Pew found was not an entitled generation but a complex and introspective one.
An estimated 12 percent of millennials say they are faithful vegetarians.
Tingye Li helped guide the development of the laser in the early 1960s.
The research that led to nearly instantaneous communication by light waves was itself snail-like.
A frequent error message meant that the researchers had to scour the cards for a single improperly punched letter.
He led research teams at Bell for more than three decades.
One area of study was in finding ways to use light waves to convey information on optical fiber.
There was a lot research going on at the same time and a lot of people helping each other.
Researchers agreed that the decline was real and held good implications for future health in America.
Federal researchers have also chronicled a drop in overall calories for children in the past decade.
Research findings had little influence on whether mental-health providers learned and used new treatments.
Do you need to find a therapist well-grounded in the latest research?
What do you do to keep up on the research for treating my condition?
A new study firstly try to quantify attractiveness after a face-lift, brow-lift or eyelid surgery.
The study was published online in JAMA Facial Plastic Surgery on Thursday.
This study includes people who just had an eyelift or a brow lift.
For the study, 50 raters looked at randomly assigned binders of 49 patients.
No one rater saw pre- and postoperative shots of the same person, lest they deduce the study’s aim.
Several plastic surgeons credited the researchers for the rigor of the current study, including the use of blinded raters.
Nancy Etcoff, a psychologist at Harvard Medical School and the author of Survival of the Prettiest: The Science of Beauty.
The very nature of what we consider “old” today also played a role in the results.
They’re looking at a face that looks older in some ways, and younger in some ways.
Dr. James M. Stuzin, a Miami plastic surgeon who specializes in face-lifts, thought the study’s findings had limited generalizability.
A lot of patients show better improved perceived age and attractiveness than what was noted in this study.
Dr. Val Lambros, a plastic surgeon in Newport Beach, Calif, lauded the researchers’ conscientiousness.
A new study suggests that in at least one important way they may not be.
These food appears to stimulate parts of the brain involved in hunger, craving and reward, the new research shows.
The findings is published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
This research suggests that based on their effects on brain metabolism, all calories are not alike.
It includes a large study in The New England Journal of Medicine in 2010.
As expected, blood sugar levels rose more quickly in response to the high-glycemic milkshake.
After decades of research, but little success is made in fighting obesity.
If all goes well in the coming weeks, researchers here at Purdue University will have stacks of brain scans.
Through these scans, we can see crystal-clear views inside the minds of their test subjects--while they were eating nuts.
Research has found that people can snack on modest amounts of them without gaining pounds.
A Philadelphia research center gets some of its operating money from processed-food companies.
It is a busy field in food research and marketing these days.
Snacking on nuts makes it likely that you will eat less later in the same day, according to some research.
The new research was carried out by a testing company called LabDoor.
Researchers and health officials say that mislabeling is a frequent problem in the supplement industry.
A number of studies suggest that regular fish consumption is protective against heart disease.
Some research suggests it may lower the risk of Alzheimer’s disease and other chronic conditions as well.
Other research has raised questions about whether high levels of omega-3s may raise the risk of prostate cancer.
The analysis showed, however, that mislabeling was not uncommon, affecting at least a third of the supplements tested.
Researchers sought to determine whether there was any advantage to finding breast cancers when they were too small to feel.
The study seems likely to lead to an even deeper polarization.
Another side is a growing number of researchers who say the evidence is lacking or, at the very least, murky.
The findings will not lead to any immediate change in guidelines for mammography.
The society has convened an expert panel that is reviewing all studies on mammography, including the Canadian one.
There was a reason its results were unlike those of earlier studies.
With more time the researchers could, for the first time, calculate the extent of overdiagnosis.
Many cancers, researchers now recognize, grow slowly, or not at all, and do not require treatment.
Anne Pringle is a biologist at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, who studies toxic mushrooms.
A 2012 review of health promotion programs for those with serious mental illness by Dartmouth researchers had concluded.
Studies have shown that it is enough to reduce cardiovascular risks, the researchers noted. 
Healthier dietary choices offered at the 10 psychiatric programs where the study took place.
The study suggests that weight loss may take a different trajectory for those with mental illness.
Since the study, Ms. Ward said she had regained at least 15 pounds. 
In Dr. Daumit’s trial, researchers gave cards to carry in wallets and purses. 
Richard J. Shaughnessy is director of the University of Tulsa’s indoor air research program.
Eric Lagasse of the University of Pittsburgh studies cell transplantation and liver disease. 
Researchers have dreamed of using the cells for replacement tissues and organs. 
The investigators began with human skin cells, turning them into stem cells.
The researchers put them in two places: on the brain and into the abdomen.
The investigators covered the hole in each animal’s skull with transparent plastic.
Let the investigators ask if the liver buds were functioning like human livers.
They were letting nature do its thing rather than trying to conceive of what the right signals might be. 
The mice were studied for only a couple of months. 
The liver buds still could be enormously important for pharmaceutical research. 
Drugs must be tested to see if they damage the liver, a major site of drug toxicity. 
The buying, selling and research use of fetal tissue acquired from abortion clinics.
Fetal tissue is an invaluable tool for certain types of research.
Research include the study of eye diseases, diabetes and muscular dystrophy.
The National Institutes of Health spent $76 million on research using fetal tissue in 2014.
The National Institutes of Health grants to more than 50 universities.
Institute expects to spend the same amount in 2015 and 2016.
Sheldon Miller is the scientific director of the intramural research program at the National Eye Institute.
The eye institute created specialized cultures of retinal tissue from it.
He led his institution to post a guard outside his laboratory.
Fetal tissue was essential in research to develop treatments for degenerative diseases of muscle.
Some researchers receive the tissue from abortion clinics at their own institutions.
Some researchers receive the tissue from tissue banks maintained by some universities.
The companies sell it to researchers for higher prices that reflect the processing.
The company obtained fetal tissue in accordance with the rules made by ethics boards at the institutions buying it.
The tissue has been used in studies of leukemia, Hodgkin’s lymphoma and Parkinson’s disease.
Lab technicians try to isolate the specific cell type a researcher has ordered, for instance, fetal liver stem cells.
Research papers acknowledge obtained intact fetal eyes, hearts, livers and kidneys from StemExpress.
Its products have been used in H.I.V. research by medical researchers.
Medical researchers are at the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of Southern California.
It goes on to describe contributions to “lifesaving research,” and its confidence.
The study was in the July issue of The Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
This contributes to information already available in making a personal decision about whether or not to breast-feed.
Pretty much all studies defined a cup of coffee as an 8-ounce serving.
A number of studies I reviewed did include tea in analyses.
A 2012 meta-analysis had 10 randomized controlled trials and five cohort studies.
A 2000 study was found by the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station found.
The researchers followed them for two years after the second interview.
The study is in the Journal of the American Heart Association.
Paola Gilsanz is the lead author and a postdoctoral research fellow at Harvard.
The institute disseminates such reference materials for thousands of products including steel, concrete and peanut butter.
Marc L. Salit is the leader of a genome measurement group at the institute.
Dr. Francis S. Collins is director of the National Institutes of Health.
That finding suggests that limiting climate change could be more difficult than expected.
The study covers 189,000 trees distributed across 321 plots in the Amazon basin.
Initially, the researchers postulated, the Amazon may have responded well to rising carbon dioxide levels.
At a global scale, studies suggest that forests are still absorbing far more carbon than they release into the atmosphere.
The biologists writing in Science support continuing laboratory research with the technique.
Researchers can simply prime the defense system with a guide sequence of their choice.
Chinese researchers counted 13 Amur leopards in the Hunchun Siberian Tiger National Nature Reserve. 
The extra research confirmed that the DNA belonged to the Denisovan branch of the human family tree.
Jean-Jacques Hublin is a Max Planck paleoanthropologist who was not involved in the research.
In 1997, Svante Paabo of the Max Planck Institute and his colleagues had pioneered the techniques for retrieving DNA fragments.
In 2006, a team of French and Belgian researchers obtained a fragment of Neanderthal DNA dating back 100,000 years.
They have played a crucial role in some biomedical research, such as work on hepatitis C vaccines.
They are housed at Stony Brook University for a study of locomotion. 
More research is needed to determine the effect on a variety of couples.
One flaw of the study is that the control group was not truly randomized.
Exercise, in other words, had "reversed the high-fat diet-induced cognitive decline," the study's authors concluded.
That finding echoes those of another study presented last month at the Society for Neuroscience meeting. 
Our research suggests that free fatty acids" from high-fat foods may actually infiltrate the brain.
Vijayakumar Mavanji,who was a research scientist at the Minnesota VA Medical Center at the University of Minnesota.
In the Japanese study, the brains of the exercised animals teemed with high levels of an enzyme.
The result of a gene mutation that occurred about 35,000 years ago, the researchers have concluded.
The method can also be applied to some 400 other sites on the human genome.
The first of those sites to be studied contains the gene known as EDAR. 
A team of researchers decided to test the gene in mice, where its effects could be more easily explored.
One was that the mice, to the researchers’ surprise, had extra sweat glands.
A Chinese member of the team, Sijia Wang, then tested people in China and discovered.
Another surprise was that the engineered mice had less breast tissue.
The mice's teeth are so different from humans’ that the researchers could not see any specific change.
Many researchers, have devised ways of scanning the human genome to detect the fingerprints of natural selection. 
In the case of EDAR, putting the gene into mice has only magnified the mystery of why it was selected.
Dr. Indi Trehan, who was the first author of the study.
And it found that the fortified peanut butter could help restore the proper balance. 
Dr. David Relman, who wrote a commentary in Science, called the findings remarkable.
The researchers were surprised to find that the drugs helped so much and are not sure how to explain it.
There is concern that overuse of antibiotics can produce drug-resistant strains of bacteria.
The researchers were interested in the makeup of the trillions of bacteria that inhabit the gut.  
At pharmacies in 17 countries,the authors bought 713 samples of two TB drugs, the antibiotics rifampin and isoniazid.
Nate Meckes recognized that he needed to study the accuracy of activity monitors after wearing one.
Accelerometers, which is used to electronics to determine bodily movement and intensity,had been confined to research laboratories.
Other new studies raised concerns about just how well today’s activity monitors do their job.
These miscalculations echo those of the findings from several other new studies.
Glenn Gaesser is the director of the Healthy Lifestyles Research Center at Arizona State University in Phoenix.
A study is published last month in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise.
The study was published last month in the journal PLoS One.
Researchers attempted to delineate the minimum amount of exercise required to develop appreciable endurance and health gains.
Researchers had examined the effects of a relatively large dose of high-intensity intervals on various measures of health and fitness.
Researchers primarily at the National Cancer Institute parsed health information from more than 400,000 volunteers, ages 50 to 71,
The volunteers were free of major diseases at the study’s start in 1995.
Women drinking the same amount had 13 percent less risk of dying during the study.
It’s not clear exactly what coffee had to do with their longevity, but the correlation is striking.
Researchers comes from the University of South Florida and the University of Miami.
People were participating in a study of red meat and its consequences.
The researcher himself bought a George Foreman grill for the occasion,and the nurse assisting him did the cooking.
For the sake of science, these six men and women ate every last juicy bite of the 8-ounce steaks.
The researchers had come to believe that what damaged hearts was not just the thick edge of fat on steaks.
It is quickly converted by the liver into yet another little-studied chemical called TMAO.
TMAO levels turned out to predict heart attack risk in humans, the researchers found.
The researchers also found that TMAO actually caused heart disease in mice.
It’s really a beautiful combination of mouse studies and human studies to tell a story I find quite plausible.
Researchers say the work could lead to new treatments for heart disease.
The investigators’ extensive experiments in both humans and animals, published Sunday in Nature Medicine.
Dr. Hazen began his research five years ago with a scientific fishing expedition.
He directs a study of patients who come to the Cleveland Clinic for evaluations.
The researchers would know if any patient had a heart attack in the three years after the first visit.
Two major studies by leading research groups published on Wednesday independently.
Their study, published last year in Nature Genetics, did not isolate individual genes, though.
The Amish study had discovered that people with such a mutation could drink a big, rich milkshake, loaded with fat.
The other study, led by Dr. Anne Tybjaerg-Hansen of Copenhagen University Hospital.
The researchers also asked whether people who had mutations destroying the APOC3 gene had fewer heart attacks.
That sort of huge study, lasting years, would require the resources of a much larger company.
Research published in the Journal of Medical Entomology in 2003 found that a fan was effective in repelling mosquitoes.
They took note of the length of each claim, any payments made, severity of the injury.
The researchers then looked at the proportion of a doctor’s career spent on an open claim.
The study makes clear the importance of considering time, as well as cost, when looking at malpractice reform.
By 2010, the researchers reported, 20 CT scans were performed for every 100 adult patients.
In the U.N.C. study, the system helped recover 23 forgotten sponges from almost 3,000 patients over 11 months.
You study the subject, and you realize that this happens to a lot of people.
She developed a definition of wisdom in the 1970s when she was a graduate student.
She has served as a foundation for research on the subject ever since. 
Research has shown that it actually declines in the final decades. 
Some researchers are skeptical about testing for such an amorphous trait as wisdom.
Professor Carstensen does study emotional regulation, and says that is a key component of wisdom.
Patients on an Atkins diet in this study showed more than double the level of CRP.
Viktor Mayer-Schnberger is professor of Internet governance at the Oxford Internet Institute. 
Other studies find a definite link between pollution and shorter life spans. 
It is set up and funded through the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
Researchers fear a general rise in obesity is causing a spike in PCOS, too.
They now are studying whether the bodies of women with PCOS store fat in tissues where it shouldn't be. 
Ms. Maloney enrolled and drove three hours to Hershey once a month for drugs to help her ovulate. 
Some researchers want to take a page from the playbook for breast cancer. 
Medical scientists are working to develop strategies for treating prostate tumors.
A recent study from researchers at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center suggests it. 
If borne out in further research, some men may be able to skip hormone therapy.
There have been few studies looking at the effect of combining treatments. 
He led a recent study that showed androgen's role in prostate cancer goes beyond providing fuel for the tumor's growth.
Metric 3 considers how the compound’s taste develops on the tongue.
He remembered that he played around with a compound drawn from stevia while working for a start-up in the 1970s.
Coca-Cola’s researchers followed with a similar patent at the end of May.
Yurttas earned her masters at the University of Minnesota, working on cheddar-cheese aromas.
The researchers report that they analyzed mitochondrial DNA that was extracted from the skeleton’s wisdom tooth by divers.
The researchers also used radiocarbon dating to approximate the skeleton’s age.
They hope to study the skeleton to understand the teenager’s health history, diet and body structure.
The lab does research on things like driverless cars and the wearable Google Glass device.
I recalled it while reading a new study about the mundane responsibilities of parenting.
Researechers asked 181 heterosexual college professors who had children at the age of 2 or below。
Rhoads also said some research suggests that a woman’s parenting skills are deeply rooted in biology.
Studies show that mothers and fathers spend more time with their children than before.
In a small but well-designed study last year, nine sedentary women joined Pilates exercises.
Holger Cramer is a research fellow in integrative medicine at the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany.
A study which published in the Asian Journal of Sports Medicine drew people‘s attention in 2011.
Study found that half year of almost-daily sun salutations are helpful largely to young men and women.
The research, published online by the journal Nature, is bound to raise the concerns to the safety.
The research also raise questions about whether humans are playing God.
The Scripps researchers chemically produced two new nucleotides by chemical methods, which they called X and Y.
Researchers inserted an X-Y pair into the common bacterium E. coli.
Floyd E. Romesberg is a chemist at Scripps who led the work.
The researchers have not yet demonstrated that the artificial nucleotides can actually be used by the cell to make proteins.
That will require more genetic engineering of the bacteria, though study by others has suggested it might be done.
Other researchers have figured the genes that can control this ability.
Researchers make the bacteria take up the X and Y nucleotides from the medium in which they grew.
Eric T. Kool is a professor of chemistry at Stanford who is also doing research in the area.
Other research has shown that chocolate includes flavonols, natural substances that can reduce the incidence of disease.
Researchers at Louisiana State reached this conclusion after simulating the human digestive system in glass vessels.
Findings from Virginia Tech published in March in The Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry.
Researchers at Virginia Tech do a test on feeding healthy lab mice a high-fat diet.
Andrew Neilson is an assistant professor at Virginia Tech and the senior author of the mouse study.
Studies have shown that rice can store a number of metals from the soil, including mercury and even tungsten.
Rufus Chaney is a senior research agronomist of Agricultural Research Service of the U.S.D.A..
Jody Banks is a plant biologist at Purdue University, who studies arsenic uptake in plants.
And this route ― discovered by a determined group of Japanese researchers ― brings a new set of complications.
Researchers eventually discovered that cadmium pollution from mines and other industry had spread into rice farming areas.
Researchers have tried to cultivate thye rice variety which conveys more zinc and iron into the grain.
Finally, researchers are using other plants to reduce the toxic elements in the soils.
Dr. Banks is studying a fern that deftly pulls arsenic from the soil and stores it in the fronds.
The Chinese researchers have discussed with American scientists about the feasibility of using it against contaminated soils.
Google X, the company’s research division, is the hatchery for all kinds of “moonshots”.
Mot enough of them are of sufficient scientific quality to convince everyone in the field.
His research would seem to offer reassurance to college-bound brain trainees.
Look at the studies the commercial services have done to support their results. 
The studies have no control groups and all kinds of problems.
He’s now conducting a follow-up study of college students in Texas.
He started Posit Science to make the results of his research more widely available. 
I’m concerned that some of the studies out there have not had the rigor that ought to be there. 
Practice on the N-back has been shown in some studies to lead to significant increases in fluid intelligence. 
Most of the scientific research is just inadequate to answer these questions.
Iain Hunter is a biomechanics researcher at Brigham Young University. 
He served as a program manager at the Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. 
Robert Kahn was An official with Darpa from 1972 to 1985.
He created the Corporation for National Research Initiatives, based in Reston, Va., in 1986. 
He has cooperated with the I.T.U. on the development of new network standards.
Gansha Wu was a veteran engineering manager at Intel Corporation and director of Intel Labs China.
A number of Chinese companies are working on driverless car technology.
The Chinese carmaker Great Wall Motors has opened a research center in Silicon Valley.
Haiyang Li is a professor at the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University in Houston.
André Malm is an analyst at Berg Insight, a research firm in Gothenberg, Sweden.
Jason Chien is a former mobile phone analyst with Topology Research Institute in Taipei.
It was the subject of an extensive study by the University of California, San Diego.
Stefan Savage is a professor in the systems and networking group at the University of California, San Diego.
He studied the Festi scheme, in part by making test purchases.
He began working in the field almost a half-century ago at the University of Tokyo.
IHMC Robotics from the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition placed second.
Space expert Scott Pace is the director of George Washington University's Space Policy Institute.
Using a setup akin to a videogame, seven patients were taught to navigate a virtual city environment with a joystick.
I caught up with email, researched my articles, read lots and lots of stuff on the web.
Henry H. Harteveldt is a travel industry analyst with Atmosphere Research Group.
Kelland Willis is an analyst who studies global retail trends at the research firm Forrester.
Twenty years ago, Kristen Hawkes went to study the Hadza, a forager group in Africa.
A frequent trigger is stress. Recent research shows how this might occur.
They hadn't just take the easy path of studying the rewarding properties of a slam-dunk like sex or yummy food.
The studies underline in the process that the illness a real biological disorder.
Fiorenzo Omenetto is among those developing biocompatible and biodegradable electronic medical devices.
Last month, researchers at Seoul National University in Korea made a report.
The digital skin patch aims at movement disorders like Parkinson's disease.
His research group is building transparent circuits on a membrane of a polymer plastic called parylene.
Indeed, researchers are testing some medical diagnostic devices that can be programmed to vanish on schedule.
The researchers crafted electronic circuits from cocoon silk, thin sheets of porous silicon and magnesium electrodes materials.
The study's leader is Dr. John Harrington of the Children's Hospital of the King's Daughters in Norfolk, Va.
The study also included a link to a YouTube clip that demonstrates the method.
Recent research has shown that its benefits go far beyond the exam room. 
A growing number of professional accrediting and licensing agencies have taken these findings to heart.
Dr. Riess said that she and her colleagues plan to expand their research.
The first large and comprehensive study of the genetics of a common lung cancer have a finding.
For the tens of thousands of patients with that cancer, squamous cell lung cancer, the results are promising.
It is a large project by the National Institutes of Health to examine genetic abnormalities in cancer. 
The result has been a new appreciation of cancer as a genetic disease.
Researchers are planning a new type of testing program for squamous cell cancer.
The new study compared tumor cells from 178 squamous cell lung cancer patients to the patients’ normal healthy cells. 
Dr. Roy S. Herbst of Yale Cancer Center explained that Kinases function like on-off switches for cell growth. 
Even though the squamous cell cancers analyzed in the study often had kinase mutations, cells have many kinase genes.
Dr. William Pao is a lung cancer researcher at the Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center and an author of the new paper.
Some studies started asking the participants whether they want to be contacted.
The research labs that make the surprise discoveries are not certified to provide clinical information to patients. 
Researchers found genetic changes in 5 percent that were the same as changes in breast cancer patients.
Researchers found genes predisposing patients to melanoma in cells of people in a pancreatic cancer study.
Most of those patients had died, and their consent forms did not say anything about contacting relatives.
A young woman with a strong family history of breast and ovarian cancer enrolled in a study.
The study tried to find cancer genes that, when mutated, greatly increase the risk of breast cancer. 
Her consent form said she would not be contacted by the researchers. 
In this case, the researchers happened to know about the woman’s plan.
Barbara B. Biesecker is the director of the genetic counseling program at the National Human Genome Research Institute.
After consulting the university’s lawyer and ethics committee, the researchers decided they had to breach the consent stipulations.
She was an investigator in a study of genes unrelated to breast cancer. 
The study researchers noticed that members of one family had a breast cancer gene. 
Because the consent form said no results would be returned, the investigators never told them.
More studies include gene sequencing and look at the entire genome instead of just one or two genes. 
The findings will have immediate applications for understanding how alterations in the non-gene parts of DNA contribute to human diseases.
The Broad Institute is a joint research endeavor of Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
Dr. Lander was not involved in the research that produced it but was a leader in the Human Genome Project.
The discoveries were published in 24 papers in Genome Research and Genome Biology. 
Ewan Birney is a lead researcher on the project of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory-European Bioinformatics Institute.
In one of the Nature papers, researchers link the gene switches to a range of human diseases.
The new analysis reveals that a great many of those changes alter gene switches and are highly significant.
Michael Snyder is a Stanford University researcher for the project, called Encode, for Encyclopedia of DNA Elements.
Dr. Bradley Bernstein is an Encode researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
The project began in 2003, as researchers began to appreciate how little they knew about human DNA. 
Thomas Gingeras is an Encode researcher from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.
The National Human Genome Research Institute is the part of the National Institutes of Health.
Just organizing the researchers and coordinating the work was an enormous undertaking. 
A study was published this week by the journal Cancer Prevention Research.
Researchers chose the area in part because of its heavy levels of air pollution.
According to researchers, eating broccoli sprouts enhances the detoxication of some airborne pollutants.
He is hopeful that more research can help further explore the ways.
According to the paper, 'unacceptable taste and mild stomach discomfort were the common complaints.'
The Fido Alliance is working on a set of specifications for password alternatives that the industry can rally around.
Mathias Crawford is a researcher in human-computer interactions and communications at Stanford University.
Pranav Mistry is the head of research at Samsung Research America.
A survey of more than 3,500 global I.T. and cybersecurity practitioners conducted by a security research firm, the Ponemon Institute.
Security researchers found a way into Google’s headquarters in Sydney, Australia.
Researchers found they could breach the circuit breakers of one Sochi Olympic arena through its heating and cooling supplier.
The researchers were merely testing for flaws that could have been exploited by real hackers.
Jeremy Bailenson is a virtual reality researcher who directs Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab.
Dr. Bailenson is running test subjects through the lab’s technology to see how people respond to virtual environments.
Researchers have shown that virtual meetings can be even better than real-life encounters.
The British study and the Danish one,  soften alarms sounded by advocacy groups and some public health officials.
The studies also confirmed something they had suspected but had had difficulty proving:
Researchers said the two new studies were the strongest, most credible evidence yet that their hunch had been right.
Dallas Anderson said the new studies were “rigorous and are strong evidence.”
The new studies offer hope amid a cascade of bad news about Alzheimer’s disease and dementia.
The studies assessed dementia, which includes Alzheimer’s disease but also other conditions that can make mental functioning deteriorate.
It was not possible to know from the new studies whether Alzheimer’s was becoming more or less prevalent.
Dr. Hunter's study has found that the very fastest distance runners are often heel strikers.
In a study published this year, Dr. Kram and his students found that.
They are on the level of federal spending on basic scientific research.
He directs the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology at the University of California, San Diego.
Fran Bagenal is a professor of astrophysical and planetary sciences at the University of Colorado.
Those are the findings of a study published Thursday in Current Biology.
One of the primary goals of Juno is to learn the recipe for solar systems.
Scott Bolton is the principal investigator for the $1.1 billion mission.
The air pollution study is the first for the agency, an energy security group based in Paris.
Neil Hirst is a senior policy fellow at the Grantham Institute at Imperial College in London.
Paul Gagnon is director of North American TV research at NPD DisplaySearch. 
H. Andrew Schwartz is a researcher at the University of Pennsylvania and an adviser to the company.
Studies consistently showed that these are daunting tasks for newcomers. 
Howhow Zhang is the director of research at Shanghai-based consultancy Z-Ben Advisors.
We'll be working on the problem over the next few weeks and months.
He is the principal investigator for the $1.1 billion mission. 
We haven't studied that too much in terms of where we end up.
Those are the findings of a study published Thursday in Current Biology. 
I draw from a deep dive into The New York Times to archive the conclusion.
Silicon Valley is hungry for insights from sociologists who study networks.
There are a small minority of medical diagnostics and research organizations, health care providers.
A 12-week, scientifically tested training program, newly be available as an iPhone app.
The app starts with a vision test, followed by a personalized training program.
The app is free for two or three weeks after a user signs up.
Using the new app might help people to better recognize slightly blurry images.
The service provides free messaging over Wi-Fi with other Apple users who have iOS devices or Macs running iMessage.
You can tell the difference because text bubbles within the app are green and iMessage bubbles are blue.
Because the service comes installed on iPhones, and in my experience is turned on by default, it is hugely popular.
About 15 years ago, researchers in New Jersey injected a bit of cell fluid from donor eggs into the eggs of women.
A study once hailed as a breakthrough in creating stem cells contained fabricated and doctored images that cast doubt on its findings.
Peter G. Brown is a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Western Ontario and an author of the two studies in Nature.
L. Drake Deming is a professor of astronomy at the University of Maryland who was not a member of either team. 
Success is certainly part of the story, but this version of Whig history blinds us to how people actually do science.
They worked quickly, because they knew that the Nobel Prize-winning biochemist Linus Pauling was trying to solve the puzzle as well. 
He got stuck on the idea that DNA forms three intertwined spirals, rather than two, and worse, he made an elementary error in the chemistry.
Kelvin believed that life had been designed, and he investigated the age of the Earth in part to rebut Darwin’s theory of natural selection. 
 The psychology of bad science is a fascinating topic, but it requires a broader look at how the entire scientific community operates. 
In an interview last year, Andrew Regenscheid, a math researcher at the institute, warned that such attacks were extremely powerful. 
They walked me through a number of long-term studies that the group has been conducting since 2000 on children’s exposure to pornography. 
In one paper, the group found that 42 percent of online users ages 10 to 17 had seen pornography, and that 66 percent of those had seen it unwittingly.
Another study by the same university found that 93 percent of boys and 62 percent of girls were exposed to online pornography during their adolescence. 
He was an author of several books on child abuse and a director of the Family Research Laboratory at the University of New Hampshire. 
One of the most striking aspects of the research led by Dr. Hinton is that it has taken place largely without the patent restrictions.
The technology could also be used to determine the behavior of proteins in the human genome, a bigger and tougher problem than sequencing the genome.
Researchers at Google have worked with D-Wave on using quantum computers to recognize cars and landmarks, a critical step in managing self-driving vehicles.
Zilong Qiu is a leader of the research at the Institute of Neuroscience at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Shanghai.
The monkeys in the newly published research did not exhibit every aspect of autism or even every aspect of the genetic autism-like disorder.
Her report came four weeks after two papers were published simultaneously, one by George Church at Harvard and the other by the Broad Institute’s Dr. Zhang.
Physicists have said they will be studying the Higgs for the next 20 years at the Large Hadron Collider in Europe.
Astronomers say they expect to be studying the gravitational waves from mountaintops, balloons and perhaps satellites for the next 20 years.
If the chain of evidence and reasoning holds up, the Bicep2 waves do bear witness to the most fervently hoped-for unification.
Marc Kamionkowski of Johns Hopkins University, an early-universe expert who was not part of the team, said, “This is huge, as big as it gets.”
Dr. Toren Finkel is the director of the Center for Molecular Medicine at the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. 
Matt Kaeberlein is a biology of aging researcher at the University of Washington who is running the study with a colleague, Daniel Promislow.
Researchers in the field say they might have more to show for themselves if they could better explain to Congress and the public.
My relative was older, that predisposes them to have a heart attack, so I should give money to research on aging.
Some researchers say there would be serious concerns in testing rapamycin, or any drug, in healthy people just to slow aging.
The researchers would like to enroll 450 dogs for a more comprehensive five-year study, but do not yet have the money.
Charles B. Beard heads a unit in Fort Collins, Colo, studying insect-borne diseases for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
In 2010, scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, recovered about 60 percent of a Neanderthal.
Sergi Castellano, a geneticist at Max Planck Institute, set out to compare this European Neanderthal DNA to the genes from Siberia.
He was a co-author of a study about the persistence of bacteria on iPads published in November in The American Journal of Infection Control.
It is making Pluto a much less interesting place to study until it neared the sun again ― two centuries later, when they would be long gone.
Those consuming high levels of plant-based protein had a threefold increase in cancer mortality but no higher rate of overall mortality. 
A new study suggests these traditional gender stereotypes are no longer appropriate tools to judge the development of children, especially boys.
The analysis, conducted at Springfield College in Massachusetts, included drawings from 386 girls and 314 boys ages 6 to 12 from 13 countries.
They are described in the Monday issue of the journal Nature by a team led by Jian Han of Northwest University in Xi’an, China.
In 2013, volcanologists from the United States and Britain met researchers in North Korea to investigate Mount Paektu and its magma plumbing.
One of the questions that the team set out to answer was how much gas the Millennium Eruption sent into the sky.
Miriam Steele was the co-director of the Center for Attachment Research at the New School for Social Research in New York.
Using brain scanners in a lab, researchers have sometimes instructed subjects to lie in order to see what their brains were doing.
Participants in the study were asked to advise a partner in another room about how many pennies were in a jar.
But before the paper was published, the researchers did a lot of work on the results and repeated some of the findings.
As a graduate student pursuing a doctorate in geology, he was put to work analyzing dust in ice cores retrieved from Antarctica.
Dr. Ho’s team also tested to see how much of the drug had to be in a monkey’s blood and tissue to be protective. 
Studies to map the signals that flow between cells in the skin, the immune system, the spinal cord and the brain.
There is more interest in itching and in sorting out its different types, and more research money being spent on it.
Many researchers say that one of the most important advances in the field was reported in the journal Nature in 2007.
Part of the reason the diagnosis and treatment of women’s pain lag so much is simply the pace of medical research itself. 
None of the studies was specifically designed to assess the effects of calcium supplements on the chances of suffering a heart attack or stroke. 
A new analysis has found that delaying clamping for at least a minute after birth allows more time for blood to move from the placenta. 
A committee opinion by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists reviewed much of the same evidence as the new analysis.
Healthy babies manage to compensate if they do not get the blood from the cord, he said, but researchers do not know how.
A new study based on genetic testing of 150,000 people has found a rare mutation that protects even fat people from getting Type 2 diabetes.
The U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health offers mask certification based on the amount of particulate matter filtered out.
I have studied great apes for 20 years in all contexts across the globe ― labs, zoos, sanctuaries, the wild and others.
By 2005, the blood center had stopped research on the chimps and started trying to make arrangements for their long-term care.
But studies have shown that air pollution can constrict blood vessels, increase blood pressure and increase the risk for blood clots.
Leonardo G. Cohen is chief of the neurorehabilitation section at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke in Bethesda, Md. 
Larger, more rigorous studies are now under way to determine the purposes for which tDCS is best suited and the regimen that is most effective 
There may not be enough money to be made for tDCS manufacturers to be willing to fund the studies required to get it approved by the F.D.A.
But if the science continues to show that a little zap can safely boost our brainpower, surely some people will find it hard to resist.
He and other researchers have found that apes and monkeys, our closest primate relatives, have disabled GULO genes, with many of the same mutations. 
In the late 1970s, Gina Ogden was working on her doctorate at the Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality in San Francisco.
If we just notice what’s around ― notice what people are doing and saying and feeling ― we can do a better job.
The findings suggested that one unfortunate result of sleep loss is this “double hit” in brain activity, said Matthew P. Walker.
The relationship between sleep loss and weight gain is a strong one, borne out in a variety of studies over the years.
Opulation studies show that both adults and children are more likely to be overweight and obese the less they sleep at night.
study showed that losing just a few hours of sleep a few nights in a row caused people to pack on an average of about two pounds.
Few studies have looked at precisely what goes on in the brain when people are starved of sleep and faced with food decisions.
The subjects were told that after looking through the pictures, they would receive one of the foods that they rated the highest.
Federal researchers have found the clearest evidence that the epidemic may be turning a corner in young children from low-income families.
Over the last 30 years, treatments like cognitive-behavioral therapy, dialectical behavior therapy and family-based treatment have been shown effective for diseases.
A little of this, a little of that, much of it derived more from the therapist’s biases and training than from the latest research findings.
At a six-month follow-up, patients were excluded if they had had a nose job or injections of anti-wrinkle medicines like Botox.
A 2012 study of Dr. Adamson’s patients had found, on average, a seven-year reduction in perceived age, but that study used less rigorous criteria.
In 2011, he conducted the first of only a handful of studies that have sought to quantify apparent age change after facial surgery.
He guessed that future research will show a difference in attractiveness, if we have a larger sample size, and just analyze attractiveness alone.
Few studies of weight loss maintenance have reported some success with diets that limit high-glycemic foods like bagels, white rice, juice and soda.
Researchers were especially interested in what happened several hours later, about the time most people are ready for their next meal.
Previous research suggests that when blood sugar levels plummet, people have a tendency to seek out foods that can restore it quickly.
The new research sheds light on the strong plausibility that it isn’t just the amount of food we are eating, but also the type.
That decrease in consumption can make up for many of the nuts’ calories ― as much as three-fourths of them, studies have shown.
It points to studies showing that fish oil supplements help reduce the rate of cardiac events in people with cardiovascular disease.
One of the largest and most meticulous studies of mammography ever done, has added powerful new doubts about the value of the screening test for women of any age.
The study found that the death rates from breast cancer and from all causes were the same in women who got mammograms and those who did not.
It randomly assigned Canadian women to have regular mammograms and breast exams by trained nurses or to have breast exams alone.
Earlier studies that found mammograms helped women were done before the routine use of drugs like tamoxifen that sharply reduced the breast cancer death rate.
In addition, many studies did not use the gold-standard methods of the clinical trial, randomly assigning women to be screened or not.
Dr. Mette Kalager is an epidemiologist and screening researcher at the University of Oslo and the Harvard School of Public Health who wrote the editorial.
Also, women in the Canadian studies were aware of breast cancer and its dangers, unlike women in earlier studies who were more likely to ignore lumps.
The Canadian study reached the same conclusion about the lack of a benefit from mammograms after 11 to 16 years of follow-up.
Recent studies of asthmatic children have shown that using an air purifier at home reduced symptoms and visits to the doctor.
Researchers in Japan have used human stem cells to create tiny human livers like those that arise early in fetal life.
Ever since they discovered how to get human stem cells ― first from embryos and now, more often, from skin cells.
Institute studys how they develop can provide clues about how to grow replacements for parts of the body that have failed.
Matthias Meyer is a geneticist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, and a co-author of the new study.
Two of the chimpanzees are believed to be owned by the New Iberia Research Center, at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
While the couples in the control group seemed similar to other couples in the study in terms of demographics and relationship quality.
In recent years, some research has suggested that a high-fat diet may be bad for the brain, at least in lab animals. 
The Broad team is studying EDAR as part of a larger plan to identify all the genetic variants responsible for recent human evolution.
Two studies of malnourished children offer the first new scientific findings in a decade about the causes and treatment of severe malnutrition.
The team studied twins in their first three years of life, including pairs in which one had kwashiorkor and the other did not.
The real culprit was a little-studied chemical that is burped out by bacteria in the intestines after people eat red meat.
Mr. Greenwald has made clear that he has much more material from Mr. Snowden to go through and many articles yet to write.
After an extensive review of the environmental causes and risk factors for breast cancer, the Institute of Medicine reported last year. 
A widely publicized study earlier this year showed that a low-carb Atkins-type diet might be a faster way to lose weight. 
She is also studying whether the symptoms of PCOS can be prevented in girls at high risk for the condition. 
More recent studies hint that diet drinks can cause the very problem they’re meant to solve and make us fat instead of thin.
Notably in Rhoads’s study, the two parenting activities that gave men the most pleasure were playing and talking with their kids.
Studies have found that people who diets dark chocolate have a lower risk of heart disease than those who don't diets.
By 2022, the study predicted, more than 75 percent of urban households will have joined the ranks of the middle class.
In the new study, published in the journal Pediatrics, independent researchers put the five S's to the test by training medical residents.
The holy grail of this kind of research is whether patients think doctors are empathic, not whether the doctors think they are.
The study of squamous cell lung cancer is the second genetic analysis of a common cancer, coming on the heels of a study of colon cancer. 
Enormous advances in DNA sequencing that allow researchers to scan all the DNA in a cell instead of looking at its 21,000 genes one at a time. 
In keeping with the genetic view of cancer, in this study of squamous cell lung cancer, no one mutation stood out.
The study also found a real surprise, Dr. Meyerson said, something that had not previously been seen in any cancer. 
Genetic researchers using tools that are ever more sophisticated to peer into the DNA of cells are increasingly finding things they were not looking for.
They hold meetings and workshops and spending millions of dollars on research on how to deal with questions unique to this new genomics era.
Volunteers usually sign forms saying that they agree only to provide tissue samples, and that they will not be contacted. 
The study subjects or their relatives who might have the same genes are at risk for diseases they had not considered. 
What the research should do if the genetic findings only sometimes lead to bad outcomes and there is nothing to do to prevent them?
Researchers asked me to walk toward the group, bend my head down and touch one of the people nose to nose.
A half-dozen previous studies had hinted that the rate was falling, but they had flaws that led some to doubt the conclusions.
He added that he expected that the same trends were occurring in the United States but that studies were necessary to confirm them.
There is a significant amount of research into the relationship between the words we chose and the personalities we possess. 
It has been the most downloaded app on both iPhone and Android devices in Japan, Taiwan and Thailand for much of the past six months. 
The tablets are littered with third-party apps, promotional widgets for Samsung's services and unsightly custom trimmings that add little value. 
It is not so clear, of course, how investments as different as sports memorabilia and messaging apps fit neatly into that plan.
Its app slurps up the passwords that been saved unencrypted in your Web browser, and learns new ones as you type them.
Every time you start your computer or open the Dashlane app, you must log into the app with that master password.
Using the Find My iPhone app on her computer, she found that someone had taken the phones to a home in this Los Angeles exurb.
And despite the obvious risks, the lost phone’s location ― blinking on a GPS app ― is a siren song many find too alluring to ignore.
At any time, you can open the phone app to read the latest stats for the day: steps, distance, calories burned and so on.
To view the feed at any point over the previous few days, you click on the corresponding point on the timeline in the Dropcam app.
You tap one to open an app, swipe down on one to “right click” it, swipe across to reveal more pages of them.
Swipe in from the top or bottom to reveal your app’s menus; from the left to switch apps; from the right for important controls like Share and Settings.
People who use Velocity, a $2.99 iPhone and iPad app that launched in September tend to go with its default speed of 300 words a minute.
Its studies show people who were reading 250 words a minute sped up to reading 400 words a minute after using Spritz for 20 minutes with no loss in comprehension.
Send to Kindle lets you beam an entire Web page, stripped of ads, to a Kindle or the Kindle app for Android and iOS devices. 
These phones respond to basic commands ― “Call,” “Text,” “Find” (on the Web), “Note” and “Open” (an app) ― but crudely.
Why don't we know the names of great app designers in the same way we know the names of great chefs?
Facebook is already experimenting with ways to use what it knows about its users to show ads when they are using other mobile apps. 
Google says it is on track to earn $8 billion from mobile ads, apps and media in the coming year. 
The L’Oréal app had to be intuitive enough to discern between, say, the skin of lips, cheeks and other facial features. 
L’Oréal plans to unveil the Makeup Genius app this week in New York and Cannes, France, during the annual Cannes Film Festival.
Given the widespread use of supplemental calcium, better studies are needed to clarify possible risks and benefits, and to whom they may apply.
The findings of current studies and advice about supplements should not apply to women with osteoporosis or broken bones after age 50.
This problem took down a number of applications and popular Web sites, including Reddit and Quora, for more than a day.
Common apps like Gmail, the Chrome browser, the Kindle reading app, Google Maps, Twitter and Facebook all worked fine for me.
For greater control over the iPhone camera than the stock Camera app allows, Messrs Kazantsev and Mess both use the Filmic Pro.
An app from Starwood will allow you to unlock your room at any W Hotel in the world by waving your watch in front of the door.
They have the neurophysiology data that validates and helps move medicine back to a real balance between the science and the art.
There’s also a community page in the app where you can see inspirational comments by other users and even upload your own.
He was not a charismatic salesman willing to schmooze with Madison Avenue marketers to persuade them to spend their ad dollars on Yahoo.
The Nokia X is targeted at regions including India, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East where consumers have limited funds for wireless gizmos.
People who invest money in the markets are saying the rate of return on capital investments is lower than it was 15 or 30 years ago.
In countries like China or India, domestic markets are so big that expanding abroad has not always been seen as a necessity.
After the original Silk Road was shut down, Sheep Marketplace, which sells weapons, drugs and counterfeit documents, quickly rose in popularity, according to Forbes.
And it will take a lot to drown out the signal that rates at historical lows send to housing markets and home buyers.
China has been a booming source of growth for the cosmetics industry over the last decade, with many women and even men trying out skin care for the first time.
It would no longer sell the Garnier mass market brand in China so that it could focus on its L'Oral Paris and Maybelline lines. 
In the fourth quarter, Lenovo was the world's fifth-largest tablet maker with a 4.4% share by shipment volume, up from 1.3% a year earlier.
He cautioned it can take 10 to 20 years to get a drug to market after discovering something new about human genetics and disease.
This means, within five years, sodas will no longer be listed on the Happy Meal menu boards in the specified 20 major markets.
Bold nutrition moves takes place in 30 to 50 percent of 20 major markets within three years and the remainder of those markets by 2020.
The company is already failing with the coveted millennials market and may even be losing steam when it comes to kids.
Our business model is centered on the unique asset of the Nokia brand and our extensive experience in sales and marketing.
If they start rolling this out in markets where the trend has moved on, they may have trouble keeping up. 
The $180 price tag is still not as aggressive as what some other manufacturers have released in the low end of the market.
Mainland China will get the iPhone 5C and 5S on Sept. 20, the same day as Hong Kong, the United States and other major markets.
It has given those who have bought that phone a few compelling reasons to buy a Tab S over an iPad. 
People are in favor of Google's search ads, Facebook's targeted social ads and automated systems that reach consumers on smaller sites.
Huawei hopes the new phone will help it gain traction with global consumers who are still not familiar with the Chinese brand. 
It will increase the number of hotel rooms at the resort by 75% when it opens in 2017 and further drive customer spending at the park.
The Nexus 5 is designed to offer robust hardware specs to buyers of premium phones at a much lower unsubsidized price.
When consumers shop for a large-screen TV, two requirements tend to be at the top of the checklist: a 'wow' factor, and an affordable price. 
Effectively, a consumer could buy the 70' HDTV today, buy a 4K set when prices are lower, and still come out ahead. 
The app is yet another manifestation of a race among businesses to be connected to the consumer on every device. 
Until and unless the predictive science improves, experts advise consumers to take most of their results with a grain of salt.
The Shanghai Consumer Rights Protection Commission in 2013 tested 17 disposable pollution masks, and rated them (in Chinese) on its website.
Chinese consumers use Alipay to shop online, transfer money to each other, hail taxis, buy movie tickets and even invest their spare change.
The analysis of changes in food consumption from 1970 to 2010 reveals that we still have a long way to go.
The consumption of added sweeteners has come down from the “sugar high” of 1999 when the average was 89 pounds per person.
Nonetheless, an average of 78 pounds per person in 2010, mostly as sugar and high-fructose corn syrup, is still too much.
Ms. Liebman was surprised to find that combined consumption of beef and pork is still higher than that of chicken and fish.
He noted that Americans eat only about 16 pounds of seafood per person per year, and about 95 percent of that comes from only 10 species.
Rice, one of the most widely consumed foods in the world, is also the most important metal compound adsorbent in the nature.
Consumers have already be on the alarm because arsenic is checked from cereal bars to the rice products in baby food.
You get a lower-quality device with weak battery life, which might suffice for a first-time tablet buyer with a tight budget.
This is an idea of serving a gigantic new consumer market with a set of tools to make shopping easier and safer.
If you bought those 2005-era Sonos speakers, you would have noticed something almost unheard-of in consumer tech, not to mention in life.
The astronomical run-up in the price of the original Apple-1 machines is a story of the economics of scarcity and techno-fetishism.
It includes new mobile apps, an overhaul of its Flickr photo service, expanded video news offerings and the consumer tech site.
Mr. Bezos is not the only one who says technology will continue to reshape the old-school delivery business just as it has reshaped so much else.
Mr. Trump was seated next to Peter Thiel, the tech investor who is a member of the president-elect’s transition team. 
For all of tech’s success in defining the first years of the 21st century, there were too many people who felt left behind.
The centrality of instant messaging to our mobile lives can be seen in how the giants of the industry have approached it.
Uisee Technology will find a profitable niche between the poles of the driverless car debate that is raging in Silicon Valley.
The demand from a new influx of tech workers has driven up the average cost of a one-bedroom apartment to more than $2,500.
But now a team of scientists is suggesting that the Earth is vulnerable to many more Chelyabinsk-size space rocks than was previously thought. 
Two scientists spent hours Friday in a bus filled with laboratory equipment, carefully scraping green microbes off rocks and preparing their DNA for sampling.
There are a variety of ways scientists create the conditions needed to achieve superposition as well as a second quantum state known as entanglement,
Many scientists are worried that it could also be used to alter genes in human embryos, sperm or eggs in ways.
Scientists jubilantly announced last week that a telescope at the South Pole had detected ripples in space from the very beginning of time.
In 2008, scientists tagged and collected blood samples from more than 1,600 tortoises living on the flanks of the volcano. 
Based on this gene shuffling, the scientists estimated that humans and the ancestors of the Altai Neanderthals interbred about 100,000 years ago.
An international team of scientists is led by Amanda G. Henry of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany.
He was one of six physicists who suggested that a sort of cosmic molasses pervading space is what gives particles their heft.
He and two other scientists said they did not think their work or current evidence provided scientific support for fetal-pain laws.
Most neuroscientists believe the cortex is necessary for pain perception, so the fetus cannot experience pain in any sense prior to 24 weeks.
The result was a rare collaboration of scientists from North Korea and researchers from countries with which it has hostile relations.
At a news conference on Thursday, NASA scientists were a bit vague about what they hope to get from Voyager 1 from now on.
Scientists has looked into some strange things over the centuries ― reports of gargantuan sea monsters, purported images of Jesus, and so on.
I figured it was more allegory than reality and in any event would prove beyond the reach of even the boldest investigators.
Their high fat content generates the powerful allure that food scientists call mouth feel, making it tempting to wolf down a lot of them.
Scientists also say that replacing a defective gene with a normal one may seem entirely harmless but perhaps would not be.
In the early 2000s, scientists at Coca-Cola added the sweetener to bottles of Sprite, then left them on the roof over the weekend.
At a greenhouse in East Lansing, Mich., a scientist named Ryan Warner plucked a pair of shriveled-looking leaves from a specimen of stevia.
The findings have led to a new push by scientists and growers to cultivate the grain less susceptible to metal contamination.
The big money was betted on an eclectic group of visionaries, rocket scientists, wizards and gurus from the fields of film.
It isn't just a medical but also a social good when scientists reveal more of the nuts-and-bolts biology of how depression works.
But countries could use the document to refuse migrants, visitors or even business travelers who lack vaccination cards to enter the country.
To fix the problem ― permanently, she hopes ― she spent several hours on the phone with Verizon, and then Apple.
If you have an iPad and you’re signed into your Apple account, your private messages could easily end up read by the wrong eyes.
But if you're thinking about which side will win in the battle between Apple's Siri and Google Voice Search, consider the lesson of spell check.
It is slightly less than what an iPhone 5S costs in Apple’s United States stores without a wireless carrier subsidizing the cost.
That could have been 15 million more tablets if it had had a smaller, cheaper version of the iPad on the market earlier.
Apple now has a version of Pages that runs amazingly well in any modern web browser, even on a Windows PC.
But I found its Wi-Fi speeds, while good, fell short of those on the latest Samsung and Apple devices.  
Apple's iOS 7 was a major departure from previous versions of its mobile operating system, bringing a simpler and cleaner look to the software. 
First everyone went around the room and introduced themselves ― Jeff Bezos, of Amazon; Elon Musk, of Tesla; Tim Cook, of Apple.
Despite the pressure, Mr. Cook said in the earnings call on Tuesday that Apple was “optimistic” about China, even if it was losing ground.
Apple said it would raise its quarterly dividend 10 percent to 57 cents a share and increase the amount of stock it buys back to $175 billion.
Apple earned just under $4.1 billion from roughly 84 million visitors to its retail stores in the three months through June 30.
Online delivery needs are driven by its iCloud service for storing users' data and rising sales from iTunes and the App Store.
Norton estimates that Apple has in a short time bought enough bandwidth from Web carriers to move hundreds of gigabits of data each second.
Dick Cavett referred to the Apple II in a TV commercial as "the appliance of the 80s for all those pesky household chores".
Google Glass is $1,500, while the Apple Watch starts at $349 and you have to have an iPhone 5 or higher for it to work.
If Apple or Samsung come into this market with better functionality, better design and a better operating system, that would be trouble.
It would not be surprising if Apple at the end of quarter announced that it had sold more iPhones than ever before.
Reviews of the new iPhone, the 7 and 7 Plus, and the new Apple Watch came out, and they were mostly positive.
I was reminded of a similar piece I wrote in 2012 when Apple was struggling to compete with Samsung’s phones that had larger screens.
Many may well wait another year to see what Apple does for the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, when there may be more of a wow factor.
This is expected to become the first case of a macro review of the power of the government to ask Apple to unlock the password to protect the iPhone.
Yet Mr. Gates, even as he hobnobs this week with the powerful and wealthy in Davos, Switzerland, is deeply engaged at Microsoft.
The precise nature of Mr. Gates’s involvement at Microsoft has been a hot topic of speculation in the company’s search for a new chief.
Mr. Gates is willing to dial up or down his involvement with Microsoft based on the wishes of the new chief.
You might be appalled at the notion of paying Microsoft an annual fee forever to get something you used to own outright.
The Union had been “naive” to put Microsoft in charge of monitoring its adherence to the deal it agreed to in 2009.
When Richard F. Rashid, Microsoft’s top scientist, gave a lecture in a cavernous auditorium while a computer program recognized his words.
Microsoft’s reasoning is that you won’t have a computer to charge from, since your days of carrying both a tablet and a laptop are over.
Microsoft’s Touch Cover is the same idea except that on the inside, there are key shapes, and even a trackpad, formed from slightly raised, fuzzy material.
This computer runs Windows RT, a variation of Windows 8, which Microsoft hopes will run on all PCs from now on.
Microsoft’s strategy was risky, but it had to do something to improve its chances in the mobile business: “Doing nothing was a strategy that was sure to fail.”
Microsoft starts you off with apps for messaging, calendar, news, contacts, music and video playback, maps, weather, mail and photo viewing.
Microsoft is experimenting with computers that understand gestures and voice, like gloves with sensors, Bing voice search on the Xbox and gesture recognition on the Kinect. 
Pages seems like a bad choice for anyone who works in an office environment dominated by colleagues with Microsoft Word on their computers.
Panos Panay of Microsoft on Tuesday with the Surface Pro 3, which has a 12-inch screen and aims to meld laptop and tablet.
Microsoft has teamed up with a backup service called Laplink to offer a free and easy way to transfer files. 
The new Surface Pro tablet, which goes on sale Saturday, seemed to have more going for it than any Microsoft hardware since the Xbox.
Microsoft has endowed the Surface Pro with two unusual extras that complete the transformation from tablet to PC in about two seconds.
Mr. Elop’s “burning platform” memo recalls a similar missive written a few months earlier by Ray Ozzie as he left Microsoft.
What's striking is the way each of these three major companies Google, Microsoft and Apple are seeking to participate across four key domains.
Thirteen years ago, Microsoft's competitors and a federal judge demanded that Microsoft be split up because of its market power. 
Foxconn, Apple’s iPhone manufacturer also plans to install more than a million robots within a few years to supplement its work force in China.
It uses more robots and fewer people than the big factories of their competitors and with the same flexibility as Tesla’s.
Then it accelerates to the front of the steel cage, where it turns into a wide lane where it must contend with traffic.
The engineers are confident that the robot will soon do much better than that, picking up and setting down one box per second.
After a student with cancer who missed school for six months, the student was able to attend remotely with the robot’s help.
The children had embraced the idea of having a robot in the class and screamed with excitement every time it turned on.
Rather than go to the store to buy some milk, a robot or drone will go to a warehouse and get it for you, then deliver it.
All three bots were able to find an embarrassing volume of dust bunnies on the hardwood floors in my "clean" house. 
All three bots can generally find their way under sofas and beds to places few people remember to reach with regular vacuums.
Gill Pratt, the Darpa program manager who is overseeing the Robotics Challenge, praised the scientist who paved the way for Team Schaft.
Many of the discussions taking a rosy view that the workforce will indeed be dominated by robots in the not-too-far future.
For now, guiding a robot arm this way is cumbersome and laborious, like steering a massive barge or an out-of-alignment car.
Will people continue to create articles and edit its nine million existing ones on the small screen of a smartphone or tablet?
The smaller screens of smartphones and tablets do not lend themselves to research and taking notes, or writing long encyclopedia entries.
A handful of plugged-in financiers can help the company spot the next breakout smartphone app or e-commerce trend before it hits the mainstream.
At the same time, smartphones have created new categories of capabilities that have eclipsed gadgets as the tech industry’s center of energy and innovation.
They can be controlled by a smartphone app, play music from dozens of streaming music services and connect to a home-automation system.
If you sit and count how many devices have been destroyed by the smartphone, you may end up with a dozen categories.
Samsung and Apple together accounted for more than 46% of global shipments by vendor, with everyone else getting single-digit market shares.
IDC forecasts the smartphone market to grow at 18.4% per year to 2017, after averaging 46.5% over the last three years.
In the old days, they would get their job information on wireless smartphones and input information when they were finished. 
Huawei and Lenovo represented a combined 9.5 percent of the global smartphone market, compared to Apple’s 15.5 percent stake, over the same period.
While iPhones may be the most popular with thieves, apps that can track stolen phones using GPS are now available for most smartphones.
But a bill that would require a kill switch on all smartphones sold in California has stalled in the State Legislature amid opposition from the telecommunications industry.
It makes most of the hardware ― laptops, smartphones, tablets and other gadgets ― that is used to gain access to the Internet.
No matter how attractive the Apple Watch is in the context of other smartwatches or smartbands, it still looks like a gadget.
7-inch tablets from competitors like Samsung and Research In Motion were “tweeners” that were too big to compete with a smartphone.
But now, consensus seems to have congealed around a fingerprint scanner as the next smartphone's most dazzling new feature with less than a week to go.
Hsinchun Chen, the director of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the University of Arizona, told me that the situation was getting worse. 
The video will be shown on the Sleep Train Arena scoreboard, the team's smartphone app and the local TV broadcast. 
Intel is playing catch-up by making chips not just for computers, but for more than two dozen smartphones and tablets coming onto the market.
Artificial intelligence has lately been transformed from an academic curiosity to something that has measurable impact on our lives.  
In the case of emails intended to convince mobile subscribers to renew their plans, initial trials with Persado increased click-through rates by 195%.
What Android Wear will be by the time it's actually running on watches you can buy later this year, will change.
If you've used Google voice search or Google Now on an Android smartphone over the last year or so, you'll know what to expect here.
It allows you to lock, unlock or start the car from your smartphone, even using voice commands if you like. 
Foxconn and HMD Global also sealed a separate agreement with Nokia to license its brand to manufacture new smartphones and tablets.
If driving isn't your thing, you can take advantage of several smartphone apps that bring cars and their drivers to you. 
If Russian phone maker Yota Devices has its way, the mobile revolution will be televised on two screens at once. 
Google's Android mobile operating system has underpinned and helped Samsung rise to the top of the heap in smartphone sales. 
In the age of smartphones and apps, when a single phone does just about everything, most dedicated devices have had a rough ride.
We see that there is a big, big part of the senior population that is willing to go for a smartphone.
It would pick up a passenger and automatically drive to a destination selected on a smartphone app without any human intervention.
Ralph Lauren’s new Polo Tech smart shirts gathered information about the heart rate and stress levels of United States Open ball boys.
Many mothers and fathers who fought to keep the television out of the kitchen may see smartphones as the next threat to dinnertime civility.
Galaxy Note 7 smartphone descended further into infamy when the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a formal recall on Thursday.
It saves you infinite time and hassle, it’s (mostly) free, and it belongs on your computer and phone this very day.
Low detection rates meant that “fully updated antivirus engines on fully patched computers could not identify the malware as malicious,” the report concluded.
Pokémon belongs to the Pokémon Co.
The company is partly owned by Nintendo.
The company was created inside Google.
Niantic Inc was spun out of the company last year.
Niantic partnered with the Pokémon Co. to make “Pokémon Go”.
The company is struggling to add additional capacity.
The company does not break out sales of individual models.
The company has  turned its attention to phones.
They still appeared on the company’s website Tuesday evening.
The company have plans.
A small company Ravgen is in Columbia, Md..
Company charges $950 to $1,650, depending on the circumstances.
Dr. Ravinder Dhallan is the chief executive.
The company is in Silicon Valley. 
The company called Natera.
Matthew Rabinowitz is chief executive of Natera.
Ravgen’s test has been used in a murder case.
The companies week got their way.
The company makes Bluetooth chips.
There is the AT&T's CES wearable hackathon event.
You can pull on the OMSignal's spandex shirt.
Other companies want to get in the game.
IBM starts a $100 million venture-capital fund.
Watson's revenue is far from the company's ambitious targets. 
The company won't disclose financial information for the Watson unit.
Company executives are led by Ms. Rometty.
One helps companies draw insights from mountains of digital data.
The company was making a “significant” investment in fashion. 
The company wanted to convince top brands.
The company wanted to work with them, not against them.
The companies are gearing up to fight for their lives.
Sucharita Mulpuru is an analyst for Forrester Research.
More recently, Intellia Therapeutics works on disease treatments.
Dr. Church and Dr. Zhang are co-founders of Editas Medicine.
Dr. Doudna also helped start but then withdrew from.
Samsung hosts its 'Unpacked' event on Monday evening.
Money-losing technology companies are going public at you’ve-got-to-be-joking prices.
Technology companies have become the takeover bait du jour.
There is Kozmo.com, the poster child of the dot-com bust.
Benchmark Capital is a big venture capital firm.
When one company collapsed, other dominoes fell, too.
One or two companies and investors will be successful.
A lot of people’s money will go poof with them.
Companies are having to retool their thinking.
Companies say the trade-off can be worth it.
Companies are addressing the challenges in different ways.
It prides itself on giving students and teachers flexibility.
Still, TutorGroup is banking on the underlying numbers. 
Revlon Inc. Cl A sells namesake products and Almay brands.
Now, one by one, the companies are putting out data.
The companies said they were not allowed to say. 
The companies were under immense pressure to announce something. 
It undermined the companies’ business model.
He is one executive at a company.
He involved in discussions with the government over disclosure issues.
They seek private data from nine major technology companies.
The firms still cannot say much. 
Demis Hassabis is the chief executive of Google DeepMind.
The company is based in Cupertino, Calif.
Companies have crammed more and more buttons into their programs.
Valuations of revenue-less companies like Snapchat rose to incredible levels.
The company defended its response.
It writes advertising emails and 'landing pages'. 
The company is based in South Korea.
But neither service is available yet to consumers. 
It serves as its answer to Apple's Siri.
Setup is simple, but Garmin recommends a professional install.
The companies could gain a foothold.
Ms. Emery is an account executive at the firm.
The company's training and product labels identify known risks.
Complete Genomics is a classic Silicon Valley start-up story.
Cortana is part of the company's push into machine learning.
In the beginning, they existed only in corporate headquarters. 
NPD Group is a research firm.
IDC is a research firm. 
Tero Kuittinen is an analyst at Alekstra.
Alibaba Group is a Chinese e-commerce company.
Alibaba and Tencent Holdings are two biggest Internet players.
Tencent is a giant in online games and social networks.
AutoNavi Holdings is a mobile map maker.
Dianping is a restaurant rating and group buying app.
An Israeli firm says it can.
StoreDot Ltd. is a Tel-Aviv based start-up.
The company unveiled Monday a prototype charger.
Oskar Kalmaru is one of the founders of Memoto.
Other executives from their companies have attended in years past.
He speaks at a presentation by Supermechanical.
Supermechanical is a hardware company based in Austin.
The company makes Wi-Fi-enabled sensors.
The company’s new product is the Surface Pro 3.
The company is losing money on the devices. 
IDC is a technology research firm. 
But the company decided against announcing the product on Tuesday.
J.P. Gownder is an analyst at Forrester Research.
L’Oreal employees demonstrate how to use the company’s new app.
The firm is called Image Metrics.
The firm received an Oscar.
Still, companies keep trying. 
Those companies shoulder expensive rapid shipping and returns costs.
Indonesians have long loved BlackBerry devices. 
The revenue from the phone business remains vital.
BlackBerry was dealing with a Foxconn subsidiary.
The subsidiary is called Foxconn International Holdings.
The company is known in the industry as F.I.H. 
The subsidiary, however, has been struggling. 
Nokia is another company.
Nokia is now part of Microsoft.
They still want to recover in the Indonesian market.
China's Internet companies merely copy the products of the West.
Zhang Rui is chief executive of Spring Rain Software Co..
The company runs a popular mobile app.
Ruby Lu is a partner at venture-capital firm DCM.
The company works like Yelp for hospitals and doctors.
It bypasses the cumbersome local corporate registration process.
Some in the local startup scene are looking abroad. 
Pfizer helped finance the study.
Timothy Rolph is the vice president of Pfizer.
Dr. Stefanson searched deCODE’s database.
Could three of them agree on me?
Pathway charged $399 for a report on 24 disease risks.
But Pathway listed my odds as “above average.”
23andMe said my risk was “decreased” at 15.7 percent.
Companies choose which SNPs to read.
23andMe declined to comment for this article.
Pathway Genomics is accredited by the College of American Pathologists.
These masks will be evaluated by a California company.
In the 1980s, he founded Alpine Industries. 
He eventually sold the company.
The eye institute bought fetal tissue from a company.
Many buy the tissue from companies that act as middlemen.
Those companies pay small fees.
Those companies abortion services for providers like Planned Parenthood.
The companies process the tissue.
Many researchers buy tissue from two small California companies.
StemExpress is a five-year-old business based in Placerville, Calif.
Cate Dyer is founder of StemExpress.
She started StemExpress with $9,000.
It employs 37 people, including scientists, lab technicians and phlebotomists.
StemExpress uses procurement technicians to obtain fetal tissue.
Back at the company, lab technicians process the tissue.
Linda Tracy,is a registered nurse and president of ABR.
Her company tries to keep fees at a minimum.
Health insurance companies can have confidence in the results.
It allowed the company to offer a direct-to-consumer test.
Sawyer recommended using three ounces per garment.
For clothing, I would buy Permethrin-based garments from Insect Shield.
That opens a new front in Google's battle with Apple.
This Maps app was designed to replace Google's.
Amazon had no further comment.
The small start-ups make up the bulk of its customers.
Attachments.me is a start-up in San Francisco.
Companies could use this to differentiate their products from competitors.
It did not put any money into the entity.
Facebook may outlast the others.
Some of the companies are having to cut deep.
The new method makes the company’s revenue-generation machine unstoppable.
Timothy D. Cook is the company’s chief executive.
I like Apple a lot.
It's an indication of larger ambitions of this company.
Apple’s 13 years of continuous quarterly growth have finally ended.
Luca Maestri is Apple’s chief financial officer.
Apple is based in Cupertino, Calif..
Apple is also expected to introduce other iPhones this year.
Tablet makers gear up for latest skirmish.
Gartner is a market research company.
The company took a $900 million write-down for unsold inventory.
That is especially true for companies like Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft.
Timothy D. Cook is the chief executive of Apple.
On Tuesday, Apple said it had hired Angela Ahrendts.
Apple is one of the biggest companies in the world.
Apple is one of the most closely followed.
Interbrand is a consulting group. 
Asymco is the research firm.
Elmo  has no relation to the red Muppet.
That's what the Web site cheerfully observes.
People have no concerns about BlackBerry the company.
The company would take time to analyze the implications. 
It mostly went in the company’s favor.
The company is formerly known as 360Buy.
Stuart Schonberger is a partner at CDH Investments.
It is a private equity firm focused on China.
There were few Chinese venture capital firms.
Many Chinese start-ups turned to foreign capital.
There were no viable exits for Internet companies in China.
None of the companies could do that.
Foreign venture capital firms rushed to take advantage. 
The company maintains a low profile.
Naspers seldom grants interviews about its investments in China.
Doug Golginow is the company's chief executive.
International Internet Exchange helps companies line up Internet traffic agreements.
Lauren Provo was a well-known executive at Comcast Corp.
Julie A. Ask is an analyst at Forrester Research.
Facebook has now spent as much money buying WhatsApp.
The author is a start-up founder named Peter Shih.
Some tech companies are trying to give back.
Salesforce has donated millions of dollars to the public schools.
The bulk of its revenue comes from videogames.
In China, the dominant messaging app is Tencent Holdings' WeChat.
The company is pushing hard to expand abroad.
Facebook already has a couple of messaging services of itsown.
Coca-Cola should try to make a sweetener from stevia.
Cargill would work on the supply chain.
Every sweetener at Cumberland goes through the same routine.
Hers was not the only attack on Cargill’s natural sweetener.
The company has invested in social networks and messaging services.
Version One Ventures is an early-stage venture capital firm. 
Companies can pay to have Line offer their characters.
He is a forensic anthropologist with Applied Paleoscience.
To start, you'll need a membership with the company.
The company will send you a membership card.
The company lets members pick up cars without a reservation.
Car2Go charges according to how long you use the car.
Zipcar offers a few plans.
Three such companies include Sidecar, Lyft and UberX.
UberX differs from the more well-known Uber.
Sidecar operates in six U.S. cities. 
The companies also interview potential drivers.
44-year-old Vladislav Martynov is the company's chief executive.
The company is virtually unknown globally.
The wild dreamers these days work for technology companies. 
Google has started a company to cheat death. 
It almost never talks about the future.
The company is enduring an unusual period of criticism. 
Sucharita Mulpuru is a Forrester analyst. 
The company is tight-lipped about its specific plans.
It expected to compete with companies like Amazon in retailing.
He declined to say how much the company would spend.
Industrial Perception is an American start-up here.
Meka and Redwood Robotics were also acquired.
A related firm, Autofuss and Holonomi were acquired as well.
Holonomi is a small design firm that makes high-tech wheels.
Mr. Rubin said he was pursuing additional acquisitions.
Super Dragon Technology is one of the island’s biggest recyclers.
Recycling became huge because of the electronics firms.
Ding Guo-tsuen is the company’s chief technical officer.
The company could apply to the London Bullion Market Association。
It's a recycling company based in Taipei. 
The companies pay collectors, who then pay the residents. 
Mniwiz Sustainable Energy Development designed Super Dragon’s facility. 
Miniwiz is an architecture and product design firm.
Chung Tai is one of the island’s largest light manufacturers.
Others are selling their valuable waste to recyclers.
Ambrx is incorporating novel amino acids into certain proteins.
On Tuesday, it landed Google as its biggest investor.
The company declined requests for an interview on Tuesday.
Oculus does not have a product ready for buyers yet.
Despite its challenges, Google remains a fast-growing business.
Bre Pettis is the chief executive officer of MakerBot.
Lumosity is an online company.
Michael Scanlon is the company’s scientific director. 
The training includes that offered by commercial services.
Posit, Lumosity and Cogmed offered programs.
They used Cogmed for 25 days.
Perhaps that reflects the company’s origins. 
China’s companies is developing a driverless car.
Xavier Mosquet is a managing director at the firm.
The research is done by the Boston Consulting Group.
More and more entrepreneurs creating their own companies.
Analysts and investors worry the government is over-investing in start-ups.
Jérme Arnaud is the chief executive of the company.
The company introduced a basic smartphone last December.
Several dozen applications have been customized for it.
Michito Kimura is an analyst at the research firm IDC.
The company warned that the third quarter looked bleaker still.
In 2002, it listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
It includes splashy purchases of the U.S.
It was supposed to lift sales.
Other issues were that the company was potentially burning cash.
There is a possibility of more debt.
He has led the company for a decade.
The company is in trouble.
The company has no clear internal successor.
They have got to keep the ship steady for now.
The buyback represents about 1.8 percent of its outstanding stock.
The executives asked Mr. Artimovich to settle the score.
They invest in early-state start-ups in hopes of cashing in.
Euglena Corporation is a biotechnology start-up valued at $1 billion.
His year-old Internet company has grown to 14 employees.
The companies get reading data from subscribers.
The companies declined to outline their business model.
Both services say the response has been enthusiastic.
Patrick Byrne is the company’s chief executive.
They created the company Schaft.
Boston Dynamics demonstrated two of its agile and mobile robots.
Small companies and even individuals have access to technology.
Jamie Popkin, an analyst with the research company Gartner.
Jason Stowe is the chief executive of Cycle Computing.
The company does not have to disclose them.
Jeff Bezos is the company’s chief executive.
It's not a particularly unusual message coming from a CEO.
But that doesn't mean that you're not a growth company.
I don't know any companies adding growth at that level.
We've looked at big companies.
We don't have a predisposition not to buy big companies.
Some companies can make more fantastic products.
Some companies can be very strategic
We are interested in these companies.
We're always looking regardless of size.
Deep Blue is an I.B.M. supercomputer.
Google said it was disclosing this information.
Charles Lin is the chief Financial Officer.
Carolyn Wu is Apple spokeswoman,Calif.-based company's standards.
Carl Bass is the chief executive of Autodesk.
Nobody believed anything the company said anymore.
Verizon said it would charge $200 with a two-year contract.
News broke Saturday that Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 was missing.
James L. McQuivey is an analyst at Forrester Research.
The company is well positioned to go beyond the smartwatch.
Mr. Elop failed to stop the company’s declining market share.
Ballmer would be leaving within 12 months.
Adobe purchased a company he ran called Macromedia.
The company was in thrall to its past success.
The company was troubled by internal complexity.
The company unable to react to fast-moving competitors.
Nokia announced the company would lay off thousands of employees.
The reports are bad news for some companies.
Hewlett-Packard shipped the most units of any company.
The“Others” are largely Taiwanese and Chinese makers.
“Others” came in third after I.B.M. and H.P. in revenue.
“Others” grew 7.9 percent to $2.7 billion.
The “Others” blew everyone away in volume.
These companies shipped 969,342 units, a stunning 14.4 percent increasing.
This company also makes compact cameras, musical instruments and calculators.
Last year, the company broke even.
This makes their watch business even more important.
These two companies dominate the smartphone universe, those analysts said.
Mr. Kashio said the company was ahead of its time.
The technology consultancy, ROA Holdings is based on Tokyo.
The company is working on a host of new models.
Above the wave of commoditization，many of the electronics companies swamped.
The surviving two of whom still lead the company.
Pete Cunningham is an analyst at Canalys, a research firm.
Xiaomi is one of these Chinese smartphone makers.
Samsung Electronics had an 18 percent share.
Many foreign companies, such as apple, made smartphones in China.
Tom Kang is an analyst at Counterpoint.
Steven P. Jobs is the late Apple co-founder.
Xiaomi recently upgraded its sales forecast.
The deal gave Xiaomi a valuation of $10 billion.
This means that Alibaba is unlike the American e-commerce companies.
About a dozen companies have drugs that block mutated kinases.
Apple has been losing ground to lower-cost rivals in China.
Francis Sideco is an analyst at IHS, a research firm.
China Mobile has been the biggest iPhone holdout.
Apple could reap a marketing benefit by cutting prices.
It looks like Apple is trying to test the market.
Bryan Wang is an analyst at Forrester Research.
Nicole Peng is an analyst at Canalys.
Tony Cripps is the principal device analyst at Ovum.
Ronan de Renesse is the principal analyst with Analysys Mason.
Hampton Creek wants to 'surpass' the egg.
One of the company's most important vehicles was saved.
Jake Dylik is the company spokesman.
Arbor Networks is a network security firm in Burlington, Mass..
Big companies are putting wearables to work.
One firm introduced the HBM after combining two product-design groups.
Many big companies track how people move around their websites.
Companies spend billions on travel and videoconferencing.
My employer, the eyewear company Warby Parker, is not unusual.
Cisco offered dry-cleaning services and popcorn.
Greek yogurt is one of the most popular start-up perks.
Birchbox keeps its fridge supplied with Champagne for celebrations.
Tumblr also offers beer on tap.
Birchbox has a mini-gym inside the office.
Katia Beauchamp, 30, a Birchbox founder, had a different perspective.
If I fail, a company-subsidized gym membership awaits me.
How tech companies disrupted Silicon Valley's restaurant scene.
Kunlun’s board members and major personnel will stay the same.
It is pioneered by American companies like IBM and Cray.
This is also built by Lockheed Martin.
Another promising service called Acompli hit Apple's App Store. 
Google is being the world's most popular search company.
The company wouldn't comment on these issues.
Every company has copied the Air's silver.
The company declined to comment.
I also ruled out Apple's Photo Stream.
An Apple-only requirement is for most sharing.
The mug-and-calendar service offers Share Sites.
Yahoo is Flickr's parent company.
Apple won about 8% of global business.
They are Kentucky's biggest electric utility.
Employees purchase their own phones and tablets.
One-fourth of Cisco's company-provided laptops are Apple MacBooks.
The rise of apps also works in Apple's favor.
Most of its apps are being downloaded to Apple devices.
Apple historically made little effort to sell to businesses.
The company blamed the time period.
It makes the vast majority of its revenue from advertising.
Google is a hardware company now.
Entertainment companies don't have much incentive to produce 4K content.
I'll be more optimistic when broadcast networks sign on.
Millet company with low-cost equipment has a very good sales.
Millet company's entry intensified competition in the smartphone market.
The market was dominated by Apple and Samsung Electronics.
The company sells mobile phones in batches.
Apple's iPad in China has a high market share.
The share of other companies is much lower.
Millet company's advantage lies in the price.
He is an independent telecom analyst for Jackdaw Research. 
Xu Ming is general manager of Changhong Multimedia Business Co.
Changhong Multimedia Business Co. is a unit of Sichuan Changhong.
The big question is whether they can keep doing so.
Nikita Bier is the co-founder of the company.
The company's design processes remained unchanged, vibrant and healthy. 
That's a fairly typical story here.
Has this altered the company's design process?
Now the company has changed course.
The company entered the world of so-called freemium games.
Laes is Rovio's executive vice president for games. 
American Internet start-ups have struggled in China.
Joyo.com is one of China’s biggest e-commerce start-ups.
The company would introduce a smartphone.
How do you get on your company's VPN? 
Tech vendors have worked to identify and apply security fixes.
Traditional and legacy vendors have struggled. 
The company also lured Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts. 
Smaller commodity hardware is pressuring the company. 
The IBM senior vice president ran growth markets. 
IBM also disappointed some customers. 
Oracle in December acquired the company.
It was a relatively quiet year for SAP. 
It is the company's biggest acquisition so far. 
In November, the company revealed these acquisitions. 
Salesforce.com also partnered with H-P.
2014 would be an investment year for the company.
The company will sell limited edition and special-release distillery goods.
The company sees enormous potential in e-commerce.
Liquor companies are pinning their hopes online.
The data is from tracker iResearch Global Inc.
This is Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
Josh Goldman is a digital-shopping executive for research firm Nielsen.
Other liquor companies have made headway online.
Sales of both companies' high-end Cognac have plunged.
This is Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
Zhejiang Alibaba E-Commerce Co. received regulatory approval late last month.
Many asset managers are controlled by state-owned entities.
The data is from Morningstar Inc. 
Zhejiang Alibaba is the parent company of Alipay.
He announced the introduction of the Sesame Credit Management Group.
Mr. Ma, 50, is shaking up China’s state-dominated financial system.
The new venture is the latest example.
The Internet company hold the 15.4 percent stake in Alibaba.
The vast majority are health care or pharmaceutical companies.
The others are listed on exchanges outside the United States.
The company had not received the indictment.
It could lead to a strong backlash against the company.
IBM is trying to teach Watson emotional intelligence.
The company claims its technique is based on science.
The company starts to ask you some thought-provoking questions.
It will increase the company's head count by 30 percent.
Several of Microsoft’s businesses would be substantial stand-alone companies. 
Syngenta AG makes the MIR-162 strain.
Hiroshi Mikitani is the company’s chief executive is .
MM Research Institute is a data firm in Tokyo. 
It bought the Toronto-based Kobo in November 2011.
The company will continue to focus on this basic model.
Both companies characterized these changes as minor updates. 
Web companies are collating the reams of personal information.
The biggest Internet companies are pushing in the other direction.
Users simply followed a company or commenting on a post.
He is an analyst at Forrester Research.
The compnay was notifying users in advance.
Mr. Cook said at the company's earnings call.
Apple employees and people are close to the company.
Recent reports by Forrester Research predict something.
It also makes some scary robots for the military.
Apple is just one of many American technology companies. 
Jun Zhang is an analyst at an equity research firm.
Craig Yu is a research director at a research firm.
The company did not plan to report first-day sales figures.
James McQuivey is an analyst at Forrester.
Steven Jobs is a co-founder of Apple.
The company is still exploring the software of video.
The code included the phrase: “ssl-added-and-removed-here.”
Programming experts still write the step-by-step instructions of computer code.
Every transaction will also come with a unique encoded passcode.
The controlling codes were passed to somebody else.
When the workers browsed the menu, they inadvertently downloaded code.
These genes are encoded in the nucleus.
He persuaded software developers to adapt a program. 
A South Korean startup developed a mobile game.
Automakers are splurging on new investments and technology.
Google had worked on 23 other languages.
He leads the U.N. Development Program's Asian Pacific operations. 
Already, the U.N. development program has hired 205 people.
The initial public offering is years away. 
Mr. Miyamoto was involved in developing the original Wii.
It could lose product engineering and design as well.
They would cooperate on the development of new services.
Apple developed  it with Beats Electronics. 
Developers have created nearly 500,000 apps for the iPad.
Those like the developers at ToyTalk design entertainment characters.
It built the Capitals software. 
APX Labs started by building software for military-related technologies.
CJ Games is one of Korea’s most successful game developers.
They develop new Web- and location-enabled services.
They developed a heavy-lift rocket.
The fund spur more apps built on the technology.
The company is building versions of Watson. 
The software can take years to develop.
Another effort allows independent software developers to write Watson apps.
IBM might take a cut of the developers revenue.
Google Now is the search giant's intelligent personal assistant.
Darpa now wants to help invent interstellar travel.
Scientists and entrepreneurs have developed promising approaches to these challenges.
Development continued without any showstoppers.
We're putting this at the forefront of our efforts.
They developed the prototype for Samsung's Galaxy 4. 
The smartwatches were developed by Pebble.
This is where software development is going.
The company makes a Kickstarter-financed wearable automatic camera.
Ouya is a Kickstarter-financed Android gaming machine.
Microsoft is working on such a device.
The app was developed in partnership with a company.
Cisco and others have developed virtual dressing room technology.
BlackBerry’s partnership with Foxconn signals shifting priorities.
Foxconn will also help BlackBerry shorten development cycles. 
The development of it was repeatedly delayed.
BlackBerry employees handled the software development for the Z3.
Apple typically takes a year to develop new iPhones.
Hightalk Software's MomentCam app turns self-taken photos into whimsical illustrations.
The chain restaurant has developed an up-to-the-minute locavore menu.
It had developed reference materials.
It foster the development and adoption of such customized treatments.
Researchers, including Dr.Browning, are exploring better monitor placement.
Microsoft developed in-car voice-activated and touch-screen technologies with Ford Motor.
Given vehicle development's long lead times, these are important considerations.
Each manufacturer had developed slightly different approaches with tablets. 
Even Cargill is developing stevia alternatives.
They would develop a yeast-fermented version of stevia.
Google has not detailed its long-term robotics plans.
I feel with robotics it’s a green field.
Super Dragon has developed a processing technology.
The tasks were initially developed by psychologists.
American companies like Google and Tesla work on autonomous vehicles.
On Monday, the focus was more on developers.
Developers would not gain access to the fingerprints themselves.
They are adding developers.
The pinnacle of product development was its SL-800 calculator.
It may lead to new drugs. 
Sociometric Solutions Inc. developed a product similar to the HBM.
They wanted to develop a so-called “exascale” supercomputer.
Lockheed Martin didn't develope electronic circuits.
It was made available to developers Wednesday.
World Trade Center development projects should include housing.
Lower Manhattan can have developed a better project.
Google’s annual software developers’ conference, called Google I/O.
It's based on their public writings and statements.
The 25-year-old law-school dropout is about to launch software. 
The developers are accepting donations. 
But it's impossible to predict how many will do that.
It may not be attractive to developers.
Sony developed a library of books to buy.
Apple never worked on that kind of feature.
It was developed by Boeing and SpaceX.
What do we know about price, partners and specs?
His lab developed a new technique.
Another test was developed by a company. 
AlphaGo is created by Google’s artificial intelligence company DeepMind.
Jeannette Wing is a vice president for research,
StoreDot has been developing biological semiconductors.
Before, the focus was on next-generation antihistamines.
For drug development,that is very powerful.
Another team Dr. Li led developed optical amplifiers.
This is all an R&D project.
Arthur Huang is founder of Miniwiz Sustainable Energy Development.
Others teams about the driverless car are more cautious.
The company decided to change the car project.
They also developed a wearable digital thermometer.
The need to develop alternatives to passwords is more urgent.
Josh Klein is the director of biochemistry R&D.
It's important for the development of new weapons and medicines.
That company is working on a product for online conversations.
You should stay fully focused on making great products.
We can never develop and define form that’s appropriate.
H-P is accelerating research and development to boost sales.
Android then skips the login sequence. 
That system is scheduled to go into operation in 2015.
No system is foolproof.
The system was based on Mobileye technology.
This was a work in progress.
But it also undercuts its own Android-tablet competitors.
It offers a hard-to-detect entry point into computer systems.
We start to make more secure software and systems.
In 2005, Sonos sold its first multiroom music system. 
No one understands a whole computer system anymore.
It included batteries and battery management systems. 
Microsoft agreed to alter Windows for five years.
He ordered the creation of a national electronic payment system.
It runs on top of Google's Android operating system.
Its dedicated users report bugs.
He can make Motorola an important player in Android's ecosystem.
It runs on Google’s Android operating system.
The new Mac system is called El Capitan.
RT is wildly different from the old Windows.
Foreign hackers have been attacking her agency’s computer systems.
You can implement our simple system below.
This was the Microsoft operating system.
Apple's Macintosh had been using the system for a decade
It's a sort of global instant-messaging system. 
Google using Android quickly jumped into the mobile world.
The iPhone created the mobile world with this operating system.
Microsoft also release two PC operating systems.
The two PC operating systems are excellent.
You can’t use two PC operating systems individually.
The second operating system was intended for touch screens.
Microsoft simply refers to operating system as Windows 8.
Two worlds means insane, productivity-killing schizophrenia. 
In TileWorld, the address bar is at the bottom.
The Help system is a scattered mess.
You need to keep the two operating systems separate.
Boeing Black is based on Google Inc.'s Android operating system.
The tablet runs on Android.
Android showed the kind of flexibility.
It rendered the BotVac's laser-guided smarts irrelevant.
Apple’s timing here is an astute stroke of brilliance. 
Apple integrated a so-called tokenization system into Apple Pay. 
This is the two-factor authentication.
Last month, it took the wraps off Windows Phone 8.
The 920 also wins as a GPS unit.
He is director general of the GSMA.
But few phones run it and few people have it.
Can it be secure using Android?
Android is notoriously easy to hack.
The Classic ran the BlackBerry 10 operating system.
The phones is based on Google’s Android software.
The robotic spacecraft would test technologies like electric propulsion systems.
NASA has employed parachutes and an elaborate winch system.
Its operating system disclosed by Google in March.
It can help to restore their lost ecosystems. 
Blood vessels joined the rats’ circulatory systems. 
Dad is afraid of upgrading his system.
Combating Google’s Android system was a cherished goal.
Then the system doesn't work at all. 
The videos aren't showing off actual working products. 
Apple released iOS 7.1 Monday. 
The latest software is compatible with CarPlay. 
Alpha Centauri is a triple-star system.
Alpha Centauri is a triple star system.
Its pointing system failed in 2013.
It is causing a crash and restart of the system.
Christopher Hersman is the missions systems engineer.
Others say the clutter itself is an organizing system.
To me, it's a system.
I'd be happy to share my system.
That system may take a surprisingly long time to mature.
The system is scheduled to be available later this year.
A third generation design has been completed.
This weirdly named watch runs an ancient version of Android.
He discussed flaws in mobile devices based on Android.
Both Alibaba and Tencent offer their own electronic payment systems.
The systems also handle mobile transactions.
In my case, I have respiratory problems and infections. 
Calcium was long thought to protect the cardiovascular system. 
Omega-3s are also essential for brain and nervous system health.
The filtration system was first designed for NASA.
The filtration system remove ethylene from the space shuttle.
They did not develop blood supplies or signaling systems. 
If you own rain barrels or other catchment systems.
The open nature of Android has obvious appeal.
Google provides its Android operating system to smartphone manufacturers.
These devices would run on Google’s Android operating system.
Another tracking system relies on bar code technology. 
He became an advocate for electronic tracking since then.
An electronic tracking system can help find the missing sponge.
Apple's iOS and Google's Android have both built messaging applications.
The ride is tracked using GPS.
The camera features its new operating system, Tizen.
Samsung has been co-developing Tizen with Intel Corp..
It's basically a camera operating system.
Nor is this NX300M version of Tizen even finished. 
Why preload the camera with Tizen at NX300M?
He has a proposal for a trainlike system.
Google could try to automate portions of that system. 
New kinds of automated systems can be commercialized.
Bot & Dolly is a maker of robotic camera systems.
We’re building systems.
The rice plant has a well-designed system.
How will Google match Apple’s new payment system?
Yet come April 8, XP's sunny day is over. 
Microsoft doesn't sell box copies of Windows 7 anymore. 
We have systematized the program. 
Clipper chip is an early government surveillance system.
It creating an ecosystem of incubators.
On Thursday IBM will announce that Watson, the computing system.
It is an artificial learning system.
We've had Mavericks (the new Macintosh operating system).
They sell phones using Google’s Android operating system.
He worked for a company called ColorGraphics Weather Systems.
It also includes new icons.
Until the system is ubiquitous, I’ll be carrying my wallet.
It could eventually roll out a full-body network of devices.
Nokia’s strategy involved managing five different operating systems.
The U.S. government issues warning about security on Android phones.
It is the same way like Microsoft Windows system.
Xiaomi phones run on a customized version of Android.
We’re excited that he is staying within the Android ecosystem.
The book involves five measures known as the 5S's. 
The researchers called the five S's "physical intervention".
The system is stunningly complex, with many redundancies. 
Gear runs on Google’s Android operating system.
Hackers came in through the Chinese takeout menu.
Countless third parties are granted remote access to corporate systems.
Air-conditioning system should never talk to your H.R. database.
Ccompanies that try kinds of systems need to be careful.
The bands also connect to Disney's forthcoming vacation-planning system.
The changes include refinements in Autopilot’s radar.
He attempts to build support for a system.
The system is known as Digital Object Architecture.
The propulsion system was pressurized.
You have no cognition or fancy nervous system.
Lockheed Martin used the same circuitry as Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
They shielded circuitry within a 400-pound titanium vault.
The computer is still got the same unmatched trackpad response.
These combine mobile and desktop operating systems.
The new Android SmugMug app does so.
It used an iPad's global-positioning system.
Cisco gave employees the option to switch from Windows-based laptops.
Many business applications were written only for Windows.
Google Inc.'s Android operating system is making some inroads.
It will come to some Android devices next month.
They can't alter the way cable systems bundle channels.
The new millet tablet will run the Andrews system.
This is a number of optimized mobile operating systems.
At present, Android powers more than one billion devices.
The system emphasizes access to maps, phone contacts and playlists.
The car system will pair with a smartphone.
It is an image-recognition system.
It's a simple, headache-free backup system.
IOS and Android have app stores approaching a million titles.
It is cancelling a $125 million SAP software system. 
The Chin's financial system was going through a cash crunch.
The computer system has learned to do other human tasks.
The app on iOS costs $2.
The Mood Tracker app is a rough equivalent on Android.
Xbox uses a variation of the Windows operating system.
Cisco Systems is the maker of telecommunications network equipment.
It might explore a Samsung-specific operating system in the future.
That would better protect such private data.
At the end of the day, it’s all about data.
Marketers want more data to be able to target people.
They could catch traffic in unencrypted form.
Data coming back shows vehicle on course, on track.
Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
These databases are edited by humans.
Neural nets typically perform well only with very large ones.
Xiaomi wouldn't elaborate on sales figures in Taiwan.
Computers can analyze mountains of data at blistering speed. 
Other strands of data point in this direction.  
Meijer announced her worst earnings data since running YAHOO.
Meijer's first admission of the figures was disappointing.
Employment figures have been weak in the past few weeks.
The data they collect is being combined at Rutgers.
But we have so little data.
After the data transfer, disconnect the band.
But it can’t plot that data with other factors.
They also collected data and contents of communications between players.
The blog MacRumors earlier spotted the statistic.
It supports extremely fast data transferring.
Map data can help to understand where it is.
Its data is extremely accurate.
It even lets you download map data to your phone.
This is based partly on data.
He helped compile the new numbers. 
The genetic data posted online seemed perfectly anonymous.
Other reports have identified people whose genetic data was online.
There are the long strings of DNA letters, an age.
Barbara Koenig's studies issues involve genetic data. 
He would hate to see genomic data locked up.
Two men popped up in the database.
Those people’s ages were included in data base.
Dr. Erlich began with one man from the database.
He then went to genealogy databases.
Enemies gain access to top-secret data.
Pokémon Go uses the data to populate its own maps.
The other creates graphical visualizations of data. 
You want more data on privacy.
They would not publish similar data.
No one gets access to your data.
Still, the data shed some light on their practices.
The amount of data requested could be much higher.
It puts the display into grayscale, restricts background data.
The results speak for themselves.  
Eventually, Dr. Castellano persuaded him the data were strong.
There’s going to be a lot more data really soon.
Astronomers are still analyzing the data Kepler collected.
Every time they sift through date, new planets pop out.
It analyzed data from 8,205 children.
The new data support the AAP's move.
The database will contain 26000 brain scans from 20 countries.
You do process things differently and get the same result.
The physicists "unblinded" the data until last week.
Overstreet's mission is to collect important data from the water.
No one has ever collected data.
At the riverbank, Overstreet and Pitcher started collecting data.
We saw the planet in their data.
There is no new planet in their data.
The data has not been officially released for a year.
But, of course, more data is needed.
His enterprise was driven by a lust for hard data.
It's up from 21 percent the previous year.
It's down from 41 percent the previous year.
It's one of Germany’s leading data protection agencies.
It allowed it to circumvent local data protection laws.
Dr. Bolland then reanalyzed data from the Women’s Health Initiative.
The data included their ages, weights and diseases, including diabetes.
The group went back for more data.
Ten states were not included because of incomplete data.
What data can you show me about your own outcomes?
Data were not available.
Data do not support the idea.
Both of  Dirty Dozen are based on data.
Their estimates closely matched those of the oxygen-consumption monitor.
Trust me, these data are really exciting.
The data center’s backup generator failed.
The popularity of mobile data and streaming video is growing.
Can it be activated to handle 4G cellular data? 
No definitive data support that notion.
They don't have enough longitudinal data to say definitively.
In reviewing data for the project, he found it.
We’re going to be pretty open about sharing this data.
People can use datas to publish better books.
Would we provide this data to an author? Absolutely.
Neither provided precise numbers.
These are historic, unprecedented numbers.
The datas is from the Camera and Imaging Products Association.
The numbers seem to be on Alibaba’s side.
Even so, the data analysis was daunting.
The design is based on massive amounts of data.
Managers see only aggregate data, not stats on individuals.
The data is from about 25 observatories.
Juno is expected to gather interpreting the data.
This aims is to gain more data on the auroras.
Data defies risk assessment theory.
This prevents more detailed telemetry.
You don't blow out your wireless data allotment. 
It is better protect corporate data.
Most economics predict import and export data.
They assured clients that their data remains safe. 
This is without providing any figures. 
We'll have the best observational data.
It will prevent more detailed telemetry. 
The credit-scoring business that will rely primarily on online data.
Recently released figures illustrate this trend.
Detailed data is not scheduled for release until Tuesday.
Riken opened its investigation. 
Chinese authorities are investigating the case.
So he probed and searched.
The requests were commonly related to local police investigations.
The Cincinnati police are investigating.
Any investigation would be a "general" inquiry by the police.
The report surveyed 2,727 women.
House Republicans plan to investigate.
The F.S.B., which investigated the case, had forged evidence.
He pointed to comparative global surveys to prove it.
It needs further investigation.
It had notified the victims, as well as the FBI.
Representatives of the FBI declined to comment.
This can help investigators more easily crack the phone's password.
The FBI wins the case.
He is not investigating eye-catching terrorism.
Success came in 2008 in a darkened, hot laboratory room.
The doctoral dissertation describes an entirely different experiment.
Kaspersky Lab was founded by Eugene Kaspersky. 
Its studies are considered credible by Western experts.
 Oscar M·Schofield is leading the experiment. 
Current Linden executives did not respond to requests for comment.
In the first trial, subjects had 75% comprehension accuracy.
In the second trial, they had only 50% accuracy.
Experiments were conducted by Emily Falk along with colleagues.
Dr. Berger’s experiments have shown this point.
He and Dr. Eleni Linos, an epidemiologist began trying phrases.
He previously worked at the MIT Media Lab.
To find out the answer, they revived Dr. McCay’s experiments.
Adam Siepel is a geneticist at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.
Each experiment involved a different group of participants.
The other experiments didn't include gender comparisons.
My lab was not surprised by this discovery.
This is an experimental drug.
The experiment was not for the squirmish. 
They sent samples from the monkeys to Dr. Chen.
My experiment ran into hurdles from the start.
The other was that it should be very dangerous.
Half were sham treatments.
Laboratories often report different results.
That could be used by laboratories to determine
Labs get the right answers for the reference material.
The devices used by the laboratories, known as DNA sequencers.
It has prompted several new and important studies.
Dr.Gaesser oversaw the study.
They were testing it with this early morning experiment.
Wade Schmelzer is one of Goulson’s lab lieutenants.
His lab work changed the compound’s shape.
It's unlike Google’s futuristic X lab.
Or we can use in another experimental approach.
The results are quite good.
Ford has arrangements with the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
The experiment was on the Buffalo Bills' practice field.
In his next experiment, there was only one variable.
He wants to try the experiment with heel strikers. 
Erich is a physicist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. 
He is an author of the Science paper.
Research was fabricated and doctored.
The papers had been submitted to the Astrophysical Journal.
That paper was rejected by a first journal, Physical Review.
Dr. Arvidson is the first author on the Science paper.
The paper was published Sunday in the journal Nature neuroscience.
Biology Letters published a study on Feb. 17.
A paper was published in 2000.
Nitsche has followed up with dozens of papers on tDCS.
Earlier this year he published a study in JAMA Psychiatry.
Licklider wrote a paper titled Man-Computer Symbiosis.
The computer designer Douglas Engelbart wrote Augmenting Human Intellect.
I’m delighted and surprised with what we have done.
The achievement was particularly impressive.
The accomplishment might eventually cultivate some organisms.
Those results are achieved by repurposing cognitive tasks.
The plan has worked phenomenally well so far.
The findings are the fruit of an immense federal project.
It is building the glider, Perlan II.
Perlan II will cost an estimated $7.5 million
The builders say Perlan II is 80 percent complete. 
That often includes exposure therapy and other activities.
The two men discussed the future of bitcoin. 
He continues to believe in the cleaning benefits of ozone.
There’s less evidence overall for a potential benefit.
These machines are capable.
Google’s Street View uses machine vision to identify specific addresses.
The robots move far faster than the people they replaced.
Each robot replaces two to five workers at Earthbound.
The arms bend wires with millimetric accuracy.
We don’t have a problem with the machines coming.
I could not trust the results exercise machines give me.
Machines are listening, understanding and speaking。
The machine gets some of those things correct.
The dog is possibly a robot, made by Google. 
Machinery had been implanted by doctors to keep him alive.
We had to modify our own machinery. 
Worst of all, the Kindle was a dedicated machine.
He has been testing the machine in his bedroom. 
The number of machines on the network has expanded.
They didn’t include the best grandmasters or most powerful computers.
This essay conjured up a memex machine.
The two economists in 2011 wrote Race Against the Machine.
They go through rigorous testing using custom machines.
The machines start at $6,495.
Such machines will allow more definitive answers on crucial questions.
Samsung's Chromebook 2 are higher-quality machines.
The machine can gradually imitate human thinking.
Machines are now able to learn more knowledge.
There are certain human skills machines will probably never replicate.
Machines are replacing certain jobs.
Machines are even learning to taste.
Machines can judge a Thai dish enough to be authentic.
These machines will be popular.
The little machine focuses on the spot.
The machine signals when the dirt bin is full.
The machine comes with two lighthouse boxes. 
The machine can slip under any furniture.
It's also easy to schedule the robot.
Experts said it was a rare event.
Have these security pundits ever listened to themselves?
Achievements have impressed a wide spectrum of computer experts.
Bellabeat still faces growing pains, experts say.
He  specializes in wearable computing.
Some experts call for caution. 
That doesn’t make him an expert in everything.
Dr. Guerrero is a infectious disease specialist.
People who spoke as experts lacked credentials.
He is an expert on the subject.
Some experts believe this is a false choice.
Experts recommend interviewing prospective providers before starting therapy.
It has been a difficult issue for mental health experts.
Air-quality experts like Dr. Shaughnessy advise avoiding ozone purifiers.
Not every security expert trusts password managers. 
Some noted that LastPass itself got hacked last year.
Many experts were unconvinced they caused heart attacks.
It is offered via psychologists and other clinical specialists.
This draws on IBM’s specialists in fields like computational linguistics.
Experts agree that battery life could be important.
The eldest, Toshio, was the family’s management guru.
Exports prototype, taste, and repeat.
Security experts say 23 percent is low.
The expert is projected onto the lens's screen.
Dr. Olsen, 68, who recently retired as the senior research scientist at the Arnold Arboretum in Boston.
That was the first and last time distant neutrinos had been detected.
Until they looked, scientists did not know what they would find.
The scientists named the newly discovered neutrinos after “Sesame Street” characters.
Scientists can determine the direction and energy of the incoming neutrinos.
The scientists hope to be able to determine where the neutrinos originated.
Planetary scientist Jack Lissauer worked at NASA's Ames Research Center in Mountain View, Calif.
The Kepler scientists are now seeking funding from NASA to operate the telescope for another two years.
Scientists expect to be able to confirm several hundred more planets in orbit around other stars.
The roots of modern speech synthesis technology lie in the early work of the Scottish computer scientist Alan Black.
Being a genius did not prevent the scientist, who died in 1955, from making mistakes.
A study was released by a group of scientists in October.
One of the scientists involved told The Times in October. 
Gravitational lensing has become one of the most useful techniques available to scientists in mapping the universe.
Scientists hope that monkeys' resemblance to humans will yield more answers about the disorder.
Previously, American scientists have created monkeys with the mutation for Huntington’s disease.
The scientists used an inactive virus to inject the human MECP2 gene into eggs of female monkeys.
Glen P. Peters is a scientist at the Center for International Climate and Environmental Research in Oslo.
Scientists hope it may one day help rewrite flawed genes in people.
Scientists create an elite population of designer babies with enhanced intelligence, beauty or other traits.
It was granted  to Feng Zhang, a scientist at the Broad Institute and M.I.T.
She’s been a high-impact scientist from the time she was a graduate student.
She hears a lecture by a scientist about her research into how normal cells became cancerous.
Some scientists believe that RNA, not DNA, was the basis of early life.
Scientists elsewhere established that these sequences were part of a bacterial immune system.
In a eureka moment, the scientists realized that this cellular defense system might be used to edit genomes.
The scientists have formed competing companies with rights to their patents and pending patents.
Recently Time magazine listed the two scientists among the 100 most influential people in the world.
Andrew, also finds herself a role model for women in science.
Scientists have long incorporated inflation into their standard model of the cosmos.
“It was a very special moment, and one we took very seriously as scientists,” said Dr. Kovac.
Scientists hope to bring a Galápagos tortoise species back to life.
This is the first time that genetic information has been used so determinedly to manage a species and its environment.
Scientists took 32 tortoises with the most spectacular saddles to a breeding center on Santa Cruz Island. 
In the early 2000s, scientists realized that stem cells were not dying off in aging tissues.
The scientists joined old and young mice for five weeks and then examined them. 
The community of scientists contemplating such doomsday possibilities is small and usually cordial.
He does question whether scientists know as much as they think they do.
Neocam is a project headed by some of the same scientists whose work he is second-guessing.
Many scientists say it is still too unproven to merit more investment.
The scientists have not yet spotted the divot where the rock popped out.
The expectation had been that it would drive about a kilometer.
Michael Meyer is the lead scientist for NASA’s Mars exploration program.
Scientists report on recent analysis of rocks along the rim of the 14-mile-wide Endeavour Crater.
In the 1930s, scientists discovered 120,000-year-old fossils in Israel that looked a lot like living humans.
Many scientists viewed them as a failed human migration from Africa, with no genetic connection to humanity today.
These scientists estimate that teeth are between 80,000 and 120,000 years old.
Researches can help scientists understand the scope of the intimate back-and-forth between Neanderthals and humans.
It is difficult for scientists to try to tease apart the contributing factors.
In 1997, scientists found the first scrap of Neanderthal DNA in a fossil.
A team of scientists reports that another instance of interbreeding left Neanderthals in Siberia with chunks of human DNA.
This exchange, the scientists conclude, took place about 100,000 years ago.
Scientists concluded that humans must have interbred with Neanderthals after leaving Africa.
Once the scientists accepted that the interbreeding was real, they estimated when it happened.
David J·Lawrence is a senior scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory working on the Messenger mission.
Planetary scientists had strong hints of the ice a couple of decades ago.
Scientists recently suggested could be a mix of indigo plant extract.
Scientists brought the search for another Earth about as close as it will ever get.
Scientists holds that existing genetically engineered crops are no riskier than others.
Scientists had not always correctly assessed the health and environmental risks of new technology.
It is considered by many scientists to be a tipping point toward climatic upheaval.
Scientists, policy makers and entrepreneurs are discussed at the Energy Thought Summit starting Wednesday in Chicago.
Planetary scientists are coloring in the family portrait of our solar system.
Scientists worried that Pluto’s tenuous atmosphere would turn to ice and fall to the ground.
Scientists led by biomedical analyst Ragini Verma at the University of Pennsylvania found.
This is another step for scientists in the better treatment of psychological trauma.
In an experiment, patients were first shown a troubling story, in words and pictures.
Marijn Kroes is a neuroscientist at Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands.
Some scientists speculate that currents alter patterns of blood flow or the metabolism of the brain.
It isn't clear whether the memory erasure is temporary or permanent.
Scientists studying why pets appear to protect kids against asthma and allergies.
Scientists were surprised to find these hominins apparently lived almost exclusively on a diet of leaves, fruits, wood and bark.
In this aspect, scientists said, their behavior was more like that of modern chimpanzees.
Two fossils were the basis for the announcement two years ago of the new hominin species.
Scientists said this apparently confirmed the carbon isotopic evidence for woodland diets.
In last December, scientists had a good reason to go into a qualified tizzy.
About 500 physicists on each team are analyzing the eight different ways.
The particle is named for the University of Edinburgh scientist Peter Higgs.
Another possible hangup is that the two groups disagreed slightly last fall on the mass of the putative particle. 
Most scientists who have expressed views on the issue have believed the fact.
Several scientists have done research that anti-abortion advocates say shows fetuses can feel pain at 20 weeks after conception.
One of those scientists said he believed fetuses could likely feel pain then.
Some scientists’ views have evolved as more research has been done. 
Scientists said they did not consider their work applicable to fetal-pain laws or the highly charged abortion debate.
For example, one of the main scientists whose work is cited as support for the laws is Dr. Kanwaljeet Anand.
The article was written by Dr. Bjorn Merker, a Swedish neuroscientist.
Some scientists say if fetuses feel pain, childbirth would seem to be particularly painful. 
Over the years, scientists have come up with a lot of ideas about why we sleep.
In laboratory experiments on clumps of neurons, scientists can give them a drug that spurs them to grow extra synapses.
Luisa de Vivo is an assistant scientist working in their lab.
To see how this pruning machinery affects learning, the scientists gave regular mice a memory test.
That night, the scientists injected a chemical into the brains of some of the mice.
The next day, the scientists put all the mice back in the chamber they had been in before.
And when North Korean scientists recorded a swarm of tiny earthquakes rumbling beneath the volcano from 2002 to 2005.
That cultural significance explains part of the motivation for the scientists there to understand the volcano.
Scientists like Dr. Somerville have learned a great deal in recent years.
She does think it is important for the scientists to get a fuller picture of how the brain matures.
Linda Spilker is a planetary scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
Scientists have called for a more nuanced approach to evaluating whether the presence of a species is harmful or beneficial.
On Thursday, scientists declared that it had become the first probe to exit the solar system.
One hope is that Voyager 1’s position will allow scientists to more accurately study galactic cosmic rays.
It turned the Red Bull-chugging engineers and scientists of Building 264 of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory campus into rock stars.
Scientists set up tents on the Greenland ice sheet this summer.
Their research has helped scientists understand the rise of sea levels in the 21st century.
For years, scientists have studied the impact of the planet's warming on the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets.
The scientists took measurements ― velocity, flow, temperature and depth of this rushing river.
The scientists were worried the death of the battery would mean the death of their mission.
Biologists and computer scientists agree that new knowledge and drugs can be accelerated.
Scientists are sifting these planets in hopes of soon discovering what some call Earth 2.0.
The tales of past climate that they contained could disappear before scientists had a chance to learn from them.
Dr. Thompson, 64, is one of the most prominent of the generation of scientists.
The generation of scientists, in the latter decades of the 20th century, essentially discovered the problem of global warming.
Now those scientists are beginning to age out of the field.
One of the most vocal about the need for action is Stephen H. Schneider of Stanford University.
Dr. Thompson became one of the first scientists to witness and record a broad global melting of land ice.
To some climate scientists, the Thompson ice core record became the most convincing piece of evidence.
The idea of drilling there met a chilly reception from some of the most eminent climate scientists of the day.
His results, along with records other scientists were gathering from the sea floor, roiled the field of paleoclimatology.
Scientists had evidence that the ice sheets influenced climate all over the planet.
Some scientists believed the ice caps and glaciers of the tropics would be among the first to show the effects.
Some scientists have challenged Dr. Thompson’s analysis of the signals in his ice cores.
Mathias Vuille is an atmospheric scientist at the State University at Albany.
The donor’s family most likely does not know the decision they made saved the life of a world-famous scientist.
If scientists are lucky, the manhunt could lead to a new understanding of how the universe began.
Dr. Heuer and others said that it was too soon to judge it.
At CERN itself, 1,000 people stood in line all night to get into the auditorium.
There, a team of Ph.D.s, physicists, computer scientists and others is working.
On Tuesday, scientists reported that injections of long-lasting AIDS drugs fended off infection in monkeys.
Scientists think all of the factors  to play a role in how drugs affect our bodies.
Scientists have identified about 10 million SNPs within our three billion nucleotides.
Earlier this month, an international team of scientists, veterinarians and zookeepers gathered at the Suzhou Zoo near Shanghai.
Putting him under anesthesia, the scientists used an electrical probe to induce a partial penile erection.
The problem became immediately clear to the scientists: This turtle’s penis was mangled.
The scientists decided to proceed with artificial insemination of the female.
But with some scientists still skeptical, funding from N.I.N.D.S. has not been generous. 
Scientists discovered that the human body required minuscule amounts of 13 organic molecules. 
It created a complex flow of molecules that scientists have named “vitamin traffic.”
Scientists generally agree that life on earth today evolved from a chemically simpler form perhaps four billion years ago. 
Dr. White was one of the first scientists to think seriously about this primordial “RNA world.” 
When Dr. White offered up his theory, other scientists were skeptical. 
That’s why scientists were able to discover vitamin C in the first place. 
Scientists have found that animals tend to lose vitamin C after a switch to a diet rich in it. 
Only recently have scientists made measurements of vitamins in the sea. 
Spontaneous orgasm turns out science has tiptoed around the subject for more than a century
Scientists not only find the neurophysiological basis of the phenomenon but also its prevalence.
Scientists have repeatedly had female volunteers put their heads into giant machines.
Scientists also let female volunteers focus their attention on erotic fantasies.
Scientists have long debated the purpose of the female orgasm, which plays no direct role in procreation.
The scientists found that erotic imagery resulted in significant rises in blood pressure, heart rate and tolerance for pain.
The surprise finding suggested that the scientists were zeroing in on the phenomenon’s origins.
In controlled studies, scientists allowed people to sleep eight hours one night and then half that amount on another.
Scientists find that In controlled studies people end up eating more on the days when they’ve had less sleep.
Christopher Gardner, a nutrition scientist at Stanford University, was not involved in the new study.
Scientists at major universities and government labs have quietly been using fetal tissue for decades.
Marilyn L. Kwan is a research scientist at Kaiser Permanente in Oakland, Calif and the lead author of the study.
Scientists have devise treatments tailored to the genetic characteristics of individual patients.
For $450, scientists and laboratories can now buy a vial of the reference material.
Scientists and engineers are at the standards institute in Gaithersburg, Md.
Scientists make changes to human sperm, eggs or embryos that will last through the life of the individual.
American scientists would have to present a plan to the Food and Drug Administration.
Scientists should avoid attempting germ cells genome modification for clinical application in humans.
In 1975, scientists worldwide were asked to refrain from manipulating genes.
Scientists have found the oldest DNA evidence yet of humans’ biological history. 
The mismatch between the anatomical and genetic evidence surprised the scientists.
It is possible, for example, that there are many extinct human populations that scientists have yet to discover.
Scientists hope that further studies of extremely ancient human DNA will clarify the mystery.
They and other scientists then built on this success by searching for bits of DNA from other Neanderthals.
The German scientists sequenced the entire genome from the finger bone of a girl.
Activists have relished their successes, while some scientists have deplored restrictions on the use of the animals.
He also marshals evidence from various scientists that a chimpanzee has qualities.
Agency scientists have expressed concerns about new genetically engineered plant products.
The scientists set out now to tease out the effects of each intervention.
The studies, in Malawi, led by scientists from Washington University in St. Louis.
The Norwegian scientists have been studying the effects of intense intervals lasting for four minutes.
The scientists found four mutations that destroyed the function of this gene.
Esther Eisenberg is the project scientist of the Reproductive Medicine Network.
Scientists are still trying to determine exactly what goes wrong. 
Scientists also have focused on improving fertility in women with PCOS. 
John Fry, a food scientist, who consults on sweeteners for Cargill has 40-year industry veteran.
If today we’re stuck with stevia, a curly-haired chemist named Grant DuBois may be as much to blame as anyone.
Since 2010, Warner, an associate professor of horticulture at Michigan State University, has led a team of scientists.
Rather than alter the chemical, scientists are trying to alter the plant.
Andrew McAfee is a principal research scientist at the M.I.T. Center for Digital Business. 
Scientists reported Wednesday that they had taken a significant step toward altering the fundamental alphabet of life.
Scientists create an organism with DNA containing artificial genetic code for the first time.
The research was studied by scientists at the Scripps Research Institute.
The levels of arsenic and cadmium is dawning on scientists like Dr. Guerinot.
For that reason, for water conservation, scientists have tried to reduce the amount of water used for rice fields.
Most scientists cite the identification of itai-itai disease in Japan during the 1960s as the confirmed earliest case.
Scientists say that the cadmium occurring naturally in American soil is not enough to cause acute disease.
Mr. Reeves is a research scientist who likes to tinker. 
Scientists, doctors and engineers need to figure out safer and more reliable ways of inserting probes into people's brains.
Even our best neuroscientists can read the activity of a brain only as if through a glass darkly.
No serious neuroscientist could claim to have a commercially ready brain-reading device.
Neuroscientists are trying to do the same thing for the brain.
Researchers are divided on what counts as an important finding. 
Now scientists have discovered a vital clue to unraveling these riddles. 
The project involves 440 scientists from 32 laboratories around the world.
As scientists delved into the "junk", they discovered it is not junk at all. 
The result is an annotated road map of much of this DNA, noting what it is doing and how. 
Computer scientists say a simple and cheap headset will be able to read your brain waves to verify your thoughts.
Hampton Creek' battalion is made of biochemists, food scientists, and software engineers.
One of Hampton Creek's scientists cooked up a plate for me.
Several American scientists compared what is going on now to the 1980s. 
At that time, the network was designed for an elite group of scientists, engineers and military personnel.
Some plant scientists have been attacked so fiercely over their views.
In 2014, the Pew Research Center found an enormous gap between the public and scientists on the issue.
88 percent of scientists connected to the American Association for the Advancement of Science agree this idea.
What particularly piques scientists' interest are the small amounts of heavier elements like lithium, carbon and nitrogen.
Jonathan Nichols is a University of Leicester scientist who is leading the Hubble study.
Scientists were curious about whether Jupiter auroras were simply larger versions of Earth's auroras. 
What particularly piques scientists' interest is the small amounts of heavier elements like lithium, carbon and nitrogen.
Scientists have long had trouble testing in insects and animals. 
Watson culls through documents for scientists and lawyers and creates new recipes for chefs.
Scientists claim to have recorded a new lowest ever temperature on earth.
Scientists think these microbes may closely resemble the earliest life-forms in Earth's oceans.
It raised the specter of automated robots that could replace human workers.
A new wave of robots, far more adept than those now commonly used by automakers and other heavy manufacturers.
But its chairman, Terry Gou, has publicly endorsed a growing use of robots. 
There are still steep obstacles that have made the dream of the universal assembly robot elusive.
I had an early naveté about universal robots that could just do anything.
However,the ascension of robots may mean fewer jobs are created in this country.  
All of the heavy lifting and almost all of the precise work are done by robots. 
Where robots that zoom at the speed of the world’s fastest sprinters can store, retrieve and pack goods for shipment.
C & S Wholesale Grocers, the nation’s largest grocery distributor, which has already deployed robot technology.
Robot manufacturers in the United States say that in many applications, robots are already more cost-effective than humans.
They do it to calculate how quickly robots would pay for themselves.
Ron Potter was the director of robotics technology at an Atlanta consulting firm called Factory Automation Systems.
In one example, a robotic manufacturing system initially cost $250,000 and replaced two machine operators, each earning $50,000 a year.
Over the 15-year life of the system, the machines yielded $3.5 million in labor and productivity savings.
And robot makers point out that their industry itself creates jobs.
There are 150,000 people already employed by robotics manufacturers worldwide in engineering and assembly jobs.
What I see is that the Chinese are going to apply robots too.
The window of opportunity to bring manufacturing back is before Chinese are going to apply robots happens.
The next generation of robots for manufacturing will be more flexible and easier to train.
Its fast-moving robots, bright Tesla red, each has a single arm with multiple joints. 
Most of them are imposing, 8 to 10 feet tall, giving them a slightly menacing “Terminator” quality.
While the many robots in auto factories typically perform only one function. 
In the new Tesla factory a robot might do up to four: welding, riveting, bonding and installing a component.
As many as eight robots perform a ballet around each vehicle as it stops. 
It will be built on the same assembly line, once the robots are reprogrammed.
Tesla’s factory is tiny but represents a significant bet on flexible robots.
Show how robotics is transforming the way products are distributed, threatening jobs. 
Each can move at 25 miles an hour, nearly as fast as an Olympic sprinter.
The robot gathers a box by extending two-foot-long metal fingers from its side and sliding them underneath.
Eight robots are active on each level of the structure, which is 20 aisles wide and 21 levels high.
From the aisle, the robots wait their turn to pull into a special open lane. 
The software is sophisticated enough to determine which robot should pick up which case first.
This robotic warehouse built by Symbotic, a start-up company based in the Boston area.
And a small scoop and suction cups repeatedly picks up boxes.
This robot can quickly discern the irregular dimensions of randomly placed objects.
Such robots will put automation within range of companies like Federal Express and United Parcel Service.
It is the first spinoff of Willow Garage, an ambitious robotics research firm based in Menlo Park, Calif. 
Industrial Perception will win its contract if its machine can reliably move one box every four seconds.
He actually drove me and my family all the way across the country to go to a robotics conference. 
But this spring, her family began experimenting with an alternative robot.
The robot can swivel around the classroom and streams two-way video between her school and house.
At least 50 across the country, students now attend school virtually with the robots.
When the robot loses its Internet connection, it goes lifeless and must be pushed.
I want a robot so I can stay in bed all day.
Such robots are mostly last resorts for children restricted to their houses or hospital rooms.
Special education advocates say these robots are valuable alternatives to tutoring.
Soon, these robots should be the price of an inexpensive laptop.
They should make access to education much easier for students who are convalescing.
Dr. Mataric’s research focuses on using robots to teach social cues to children with autism.
Children adapt far more quickly to the technology than adults and treat the machine like another classmate.
During a fire drill at one Texas school, students were so worried about the VGo.
Lexie can flash her VGo’s lights to get the teacher’s attention.
Since 2007, VGo, based in Nashua, N.H., has been selling the robots to company executives.
The first classroom model was sold to a school in Knox City, Tex..
Verizon, which provides the LTE wireless connection for the robot, ran a commercial about a student using VGo.
Before the ad, VGo had sold about 10 robots to schools.
Most robots are bought with state or local money marked for disabled students.
But at some schools, parents have held fund-raising events or bought the robot themselves.
In Huntsville, Tex., education officials bought five VGos last year and are planning for five more next year.
For students like Connor Flanagan, 14, of Tyngsborough, Mass, the main benefit has been social interaction.
Aidan Bailey, 9, was able to use the robot after his lung collapsed last year.
The robot was bought through a community fund-raising effort for Aidan.
But other times,VGo could not receive enough of a wireless signal.
The teachers set aside a day when students could meet and play with the robot.
Lexie’s robot has its own desk and charging station against a wall.
Robots and autonomous vehicles ― think Google’s driverless car ― could also disrupt the delivery business.
GM found evidence that some of its ads were served to bots, one of the people says.
It includes household information “appliances”,such as the home-companion robots Pepper and Jibo.
The phrase was coined by the Japanese roboticist Masahiro Mori in 1970.
Your humanoid robot helper makes you bacon and eggs and walks the dog.
You could start downloading the parts for your very own humanoid robot helper.
The humanoid robot helpercan make your breakfast and walk your dog in 2015.
Many of us have invited robot vacuum cleaners into our homes.
I tried to find out whether robot vacuums can actually clean. 
None of the robots are good enough to replace a manual vacuum. 
Today, some 15% of world-wide vacuum sales are bots, according to industry researchers.
None of these robots perform like Rosie from "The Jetsons." 
Robots will one day get intelligence to spot messes from afar.
The Robots I tested don't have intelligence to spot messes from afar.
A Roomba will cover every spot at least three times. 
Sensors suggest Roomba linger when it sees, or even hears, extra dirt below.
No robot could retrieve even an ounce in 45 minutes. 
Their bots can carry only a fraction of the suction power of a plugged in upright vacuum.
Robot vacuums are used to lengthen the time between serious vacuums.
The robots would stagger, seize up or report unseen obstructions. 
No robot vac is 'ideal on higher pile or shag carpets.
Owners need to get used to prepping their houses to be robot friendly.
Especially if you set up virtual guardrails, these robots may do OK.
If I were to choose a robot to zap dust bunnies in my own house, I'd pick the Roomba.
I look forward to a time when robot vacuum cleaners are as effective as their upright ancestors.
Contemporary society tends to look at as “organic robots” designed to produce oxygen and wood.
The ice could be an intriguing science target for a future robotic lander.
It promptly dazzled the world by driving the $2.5 billion robot across a patch of Martian terrain.
As long as the robot can operate, our method is more complicated and it doesn't matter.
It’s not like we’re inserting some super-high-tech nanorobots into your brain to clear up cerebral blood vessels. 
In an out-of-the-way Google office, two life-size humanoid robots hang suspended in a corner.
Google might be planning to one day have one of the robots hop off an automated Google Car.
At least for now, Google’s robotics effort is not something aimed at consumers. 
Before joining Apple Computer, he worked for the German manufacturing company Carl Zeiss as a robotics engineer.
They are makers of humanoid robots and robot arms in San Francisco.
The robotics effort is meant to sell products sooner rather than later. 
The Google robotics group will initially be based here in Palo Alto, with an office in Japan. 
In addition to his acquisitions, Mr. Rubin has begun hiring roboticists.
There were both manufacturing and logistics markets that were not being served by today’s robotic technologies.
It has already shaken up the world’s automobile companies with its robot car project.
In the mid-1990s He led the design of robots that could both walk and manipulate objects.
The robot was not able to climb out of a vehicle after it successfully navigated an obstacle course.
He also noted that the team of Japanese roboticists had a striking work ethic.
It has since been bought by Google as part of the company’s new robotics initiative.
The Darpa event has been described as a grand challenge to open the way for an era.
The fact that there were no robots that could quickly be called upon in that emergency led to consternation.
The robots were supposed to painstakingly remove a simulated pile of two-by-fours and a metal girder piece by piece.
The incident suggested that there might still be room for human ingenuity in the robot era.
They are looking to let robots take over at least some of the more basic tasks.
Why the rise of the robot workforce is a good thing?
Several of the panels at the sprawling tech conference focused on our future robot overlords.
Entire industries, such as trucking, will eventually be disrupted by robotic advances like self-driving cars.
Bass presented some outlandish ideas to help societies deal with the structural changes generated by a robot-heavy workforce.
With our creativity and imagination, we will find harmony with the robots.
Meanwhile, other discussions focused on identifying jobs were likely to remain safe from robots.
Heather Knight is a Carnegie Mellon roboticist who studies social interactions between humans and robots.
Some people might be wary of a robot holding a sharp blade so close to their necks.
These motor signals are fed to an external computer that decodes them and passes them along to external robotic devices.
She manipulated a robot arm with only her brain and a neural implant that literally read  her mind.
Now they’re made in Baltimore, using steel from a plant in Indiana and the robot was made in Connecticut.
The United States lags Germany, South Korea and Japan in the density of manufacturing robots employed.
South Korea sharply increased its robot-to-worker ratio in the last three years.
China and Brazil are increasing the number of robots in their factories.
The federation expects 1.6 million robots to be produced each year by 2015.
The company is also mounting a significant foray into robotics. 
What policies might help China succeed in making the transition to a consumer economy even as the robotic revolution unfolds?
Robots rob the human rice bowl, this time may be true.
At a Silicon Valley hotel, a bellhop robot delivers items to people’s rooms.
Every week, it seems, announcements hail a coming era of personal robots.
More than 10 years ago, I bought the first-generation version of the Roomba.
The robot returns by itself to its recharging station when it runs low on power. 
Here is the real downside to our little robot friend. 
They will have to visit a special ad industry website and adjust their smartphone settings to do so.
The game has been downloaded on about half of all South Korean smartphones.
People increasingly use the Internet with a smartphone, and only a smartphone.
The concern is that smartphones and tablets are designed for consumer behavior rather than creative behavior.”
Quickly adding photographs to a Wikipedia article from an editor with a smartphone is another possibility.
With its relentless marketing and range of products, Samsung has taken the lead in the global two-horse smartphone race. 
With its newest Galaxy Tab S, Samsung has finally decided to apply its successful Galaxy S smartphone strategy.
At 0.25 inch thick, the Tab S is actually thinner than the smartphone and noticeably lighter than Apple's tablets. 
Samsung has finally delivered a tablet equivalent of one of the world's most popular smartphones.
In the Google car, I had felt detached from the machine intelligence that guided it.
Kabam, receives a direct line into China, one of the fastest growing smartphone and gaming markets of the past decade.
Some 40 percent of global smartphone shipments in the first quarter of 2014 were bound for Chinese consumers.
The wearable-device movement first spawned a wealth of digital-fitness trackers, smart watches and head-mounted displays.
They allow adults to monitor their health or interact with their smartphones.
UL tests how the signals sent by a device interact with others emitted by smartphones and laptops.
One reason is that many devices have been superseded by a single, all-powerful tool: the smartphone. 
But you may also end up with two or three dozen new things that become possible thanks to the smartphone
“Mobile Is Eating the World,” worte by Mr. Evans detailed that how smartphones have roiled the traditional tech business.
Still, these forward-thinking manufacturers must take pains to keep their devices one step ahead of the advance of smartphones.
He has been pushing to own the battery market by promoting a national battery swapping system for car owners.
That might come as a surprise to Apple and Samsung Electronics, the twin giants of smartphones. 
Apple and Samsung are in a position to offer low-price smartphones.
The companies together recently sold about 25 percent of all smartphones in China.
The marketing allowed Xiaomi to sell smartphones for just half the price of the iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phones.
The topics are from universities to nursing homes, smartphones to dog breeds.
Calls to computers and smartphones, using Skype addresses, like Skibunny20304, are still free.
There is a bleak outlook for digital cameras in general due to the advent of smartphones.
Samsung is the world's No. 1 maker of smartphones, TVs and memory chips.
Then go as far as mashing compact cameras together with smartphones.
I.B.M. is asking as it tries to expand its artificial intelligence technology.
The key one is the software techniques of artificial intelligence like machine learning.
The new Watson offerings are services that future users might be able to tap into through a smartphone or tablet.
More people, particularly the young, now watch TV with a smartphone or tablet in hand.
Artificial intelligence researchers are acutely aware of the dangers of being overly optimistic.
In the 1960s, some computer scientists believed that a workable artificial intelligence system was just 10 years away.
Even as Foxconn, Apple’s iPhone manufacturer, continues to build new plants and hire thousands of additional workers to make smartphones.
They sell for as much as $350 and are more complex to make than smartphones.
There is a huge screen lit with slick shots of smartphones.
The company and other young Chinese smartphone start-ups are onto something new.
Other young Chinese smartphone start-ups are already having modest success in those arenas.
OnePlus is a Chinese smartphone start-up that began in August 2013.
Another twist is that smartphone buyers in established markets such as North America may never see it.
The Android and iOS platforms accounted for nearly 96% of all smartphones shipped last year.
But it is important to realize that smartphones are unlike the PC market that Microsoft has dominated with Windows.
Investments span disciplines from biotechnology to energy generation to space travel to artificial intelligence to urban planning.
Those notes become the basis for breakout talks on topics like scientific ethics or artificial intelligence.
The deal marks a full stop for Internet Co Google's plans to invest heavily in smartphone hardware.
Motorola's share of the global smartphone market has dropped to about 1% from 2.3% a year earlier.
Lenovo can boost its ranking in the global smartphone market by virtue of the Motorola brand.
Executives are reluctant to see their smartphone software companies compete with themselves on the hardware.
In 2013, Samsung's share of the global smartphone market was 32%.
Lenovo and Motorola had a 6% share of the smartphone market last year.
It has gained a lot of attention in the highly competitive smartphone market.
People use the Internet on mobile devices like smartphones and tablets. 
The two companies have been competing to woo China's more than 400 million smartphone users with their applications. 
Alibaba has also sought to strengthen its own smartphone chat application, called Laiwang.
Tablets are a lot more than just slightly larger smartphones - or smaller laptops. 
As for this point, smartphones (or, for that matter, desktops) could never do. 
The international ambitions for the Chinese handset makers come as domestic demand for smartphones continues at pace.
The face of the smartphone market is changing rapidly to reflect the rise of its largest market, China.
With smartphone theft rampant, apps like Find My iPhone offer a new option for those desperate to recover their devices.
More than three million were stolen last year, according to a survey by Consumer Reports. 
Still, although police departments have devoted more resources to combating smartphone theft.
Police chiefs have advocated another solution that they say could end smartphone thefts altogether.
Apple also expanded its search feature, called Spotlight, to do smarter searches. 
Turn off the screen on a smartphone or tablet and they look identical.
Samsung Group's new Galaxy S5 phone and Gear 2 smartwatch come with the Spritz app preloaded.
It also creates a sound file on parents' smartphones that can be uploaded to Facebook or email.
Juniper Research predicts the market for smart wearable devices will reach $1.5 billion this year and $19 billion by 2018.
Anybody weighing this phone as an upgrade or a switch from another model may rightly wonder: Has smartphone evolution stalled?
The personal digital assistant led to one of the first smartphones, the Treo.
Today, it is not possible to completely represent rich emotions in human speech via artificial intelligence. 
At first glance, the digital camera industry appears to be in free fall as smartphones take over.
Cameras with interchangeable lenses and large sensors offer better picture quality than smartphones, but cheaper and much smaller than DSLRs.
It was even worse for compacts, which collapsed 40% as consumers turned to the equally good cameras on their smartphones.
Mirrorless cameras are another futile attempt to save the camera industry from smartphones.
Canon and Nikon have banked on as less vulnerable to the smartphone trend.
Japan's digital camera makers were blindsided by the impact of smartphones on the industry.
Samsung Electronics is just days away from announcing the next generation of its best-selling flagship smartphone.
Like other camera makers, Fujifilm has seen sales of low-end cameras suffer from the rise of the smartphone.
Sony recently introduced a new kind of camera that clips onto a smartphone.
Lenovo is already the second-largest smartphone brand in China, after Samsung Electronics.
He is in charge of developing the company’s smartphone business outside China.
Lenovo has had success worldwide in PCs and with its new smartphones in China.
By the third quarter of this year, Lenovo secured 13 percent of the Chinese smartphone market.
Lenovo was selling more smartphones and tablets, combined, than its PCs.
More than 90 percent of the company’s mobile phone sales are still in China.
Last year, Lenovo began its smartphone export push by moving into India, Vietnam, the Philippines and Russia.
I just can’t imagine that Lenovo could come into the U.S. smartphone market.
Lenovo executives acknowledge that to challenge Apple or Samsung in smartphones, Lenovo will have to burnish its image. 
Mr. Bryant appeared in ads for Lenovo’s K900 smartphone in China and other Asian countries this year. 
Many of the smartphones sold in China and other developing countries are budget models.
Sme smartphones can be had for less than $100 in China.
By adding tablets and smartphones, Lenovo will be able to integrate devices and cloud computing services into the devices.
We’ve seen some efforts at smartwatches, like those made by Pebble.
Smartwatches are going to create an entirely new category of computing in the coming year.
The long-awaited Apple smartwatch is expected to be announced in 2014.
Apple smartwatch could change the way we engage with our wrist. 
Smartwatches will allow us to peer at messages without having to pull cellphones out of our pockets or purses. 
Smartwatches will make it easier to monitor our health with heartbeat and movement sensors.
Smartwatches will record daily how much we have exercised. or how much we haven't.
The smartwatch industry to generate billions more in revenue for consumer tech companies in 2014.
The software on your phone will be a bit smarter because of improved location sensors.
Smartphones are also expected to get other kinds of unusual sensors next year.
The watches and related products as extensions of the way parents now use smartphones to keep track of older children.
Trax pairs with a smartphone app allow parents to find their children, particularly very young ones.
Its designers borrowed some ideas from past smartphones made by HTC.
Large tech and telecom companies have tried for years to replace the traditional wallet with smartphone apps. 
Today, relatively few people buy things with a wave of a smartphone.
Smartphones in the bedroom have led to a rise in sleep-related complaints from his patients.
44 percent of the people who own a smartphone said they use it as an alarm clock. 
Most new alarm clocks made today are designed to be married to a smartphone.
They look at a blue light, which is produced by smartphone and tablet screens.
A smartwatch can now deliver the most important and timely information.
Google's new Android Wear may be the first viable wrist-top platform. 
Starting from next week you'll be able to get two of the first Android Wear smartwatches.
These feel like the first watches that are truly "smart". 
You pair it with the watch via Bluetooth, things start ticking. 
Apple's own expected model, delivering such relevant and timely alerts. 
My Delta boarding pass appeared on the watch at the airport.
I just wish the software were as smart about notifications. 
Android Wear is designed to transmit all your phone's notifications to your watch. 
The first smartwatches from Google's platform are the smartest yet. 
HTC is struggling, too, having sold 36 percent fewer smartphones this year than last.
It is similar to existing connected bracelets from companies like Fitbit.
Some of the boldest new smartphone bets this year came from companies as follows.
The next innovation might not be the size and shape of the smartphone but what you do with it.
Boeing filed plans with the Federal Communications Commission for a high-security smartphone dubbed Boeing Black.
But as BlackBerry lost its once-dominant market share in the overall smartphone space.
It is well shy of the high-definition displays that have become standard on high-end smartphones.
Boeing Black, like the majority of modern smartphones, is all touchscreen.
The smartphone market in developed countries like the United States is saturated.
Smartphone virtual assistants are great for finding the nearest gas station or checking the weather. 
Smartphones can potentially help to save lives or prevent further violence.
Smartphones should give users as quickly as possible a place to go to get help. 
Smartphone makers had not consulted her group about virtual assistants. 
The struggling Canadian smartphone maker BlackBerry made a sharp detour from its history on Tuesday.
The company had hoped the system would again make it a vibrant force in smartphones.
There are heaps of new fitness tracking bracelets and smart watches.
Epson's Moverio BT-200 smart glasses project games and movies in front of your eyes.
The Pebble Steel smartwatch puts your text message and email notifications on your wrist. 
It tells you to get some shade via its smartphone app.
The anklet relays info like distance and speed to a smartphone.
Company executives see Watson's smart software as a valuable tool to answer tough problems. 
The company is expected to unveil its next Galaxy S5 flagship smartphone.
They unveiled the first, a Tizen-powered smartwatch, just a few hours ago.
Nokia's first Android phone haved lost its footing on the fast-growing sub-$100 smartphone market.
A high-profile addition to Google's gadget collection is an Android-powered smartwatch.
The South Korean company also makes Google's Nexus 4 and Nexus 5 smartphones.
Google's entry into the smartwatch category would create more competition with Samsung Electronics.
The Korean electronics sells more smartphones running Google's Android mobile operating system than any other manufacturer.
Details about the launch of Google's smartwatch come on the heels of Samsung's announcement at Mobile World Congress.
Google's entry into the smartwatch category shows how the company remains serious about designing its own hardware.
Zheng Xiao Yun posted two photos of a wristband-like device this week on her page on Sina Weibo.
The light-blue device is not what we would call a smartwatch, like Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Gear.
Huawei was planning to unveil a 'smartwatch' at the annual Mobile World Congress trade show in Barcelona.
Huawei also said that it planned to unveil a new smartphone and two new tablets at the event.
Most consumers still don't see any urgent need to buy another smart device to wear around their wrist,
Smartphones apps already offer a broad range of services and content.
Now they are being upended by the widespread adoption of smartphones and tablets.
Demand for Intel chips inside computers ― which are much more profitable than those inside smartphones ― is plummeting.
As the market for smartphones and tablets evolved, the company historically didn’t have a presence. 
Mr. Singhal is talking about what computer scientists call ubiquitous computing or intelligence augmentation.
Artificial intelligence researchers try to create software that can outwit humans in board games.
Many smartphones and tablets today offer chips, screens and cameras that are more or less similar.
Since camera and battery life are just about the only reasons to upgrade a smartphone anymore.
You can now get to the Google Now predictive intelligence feature.  
This is no HAL from '2001: A Space Odyssey,' and it's certainly not Scarlett Johansson's disembodied voice in 'Her.'
Google Inc. used it to increase the accuracy of voice recognition in Android by 25%. 
Facebook Inc. is toying with it as a way to improve the relevance of the posts it shows you.
Startups are beginning to adapt it to problems where, at least to me, its applicability is genuinely surprising. 
Here's another example of AI becoming genuinely useful.     
That's because Amy must communicate with a human being who might not even know she's an AI.
Let's take a look at Google's vision for how a smartwatch can fit into our lives. 
With Android Wear, Google clearly wants the only thing on your wrist to be an Android powered watch. 
But a car, unlike a smartphone, doesn't need to be replaced every two years. 
They can at least make your vehicle play nice with your smartphone.
This rechargeable, garage-door-opener-size speakerphone connects to both smart and dumb phones over Bluetooth.
It allows you to pair an NFC-enabled smartphone by touching the two devices together.
The professionally installed system talks to a smartphone app (for Android, BlackBerry, iOS and Windows Phone).
Washable screen protectors for laptops, tablets and smartphones are available from manufacturers.
Smart grid technologies have enabled owners of solar homes to buy power from the grid when the sun is down.
Machine learning and artificial intelligence are Microsoft's secret weapons to get back to the top of the tech mountain.
As though by silent agreement, the gadget industry seems to have decided that 2013 is the year of the smartwatch.
More, like a Kickstarter favorite, Pebble Watch, are on the way. 
It means your phone will lose only a small amount of battery charge each day
It’s as if, in their zeal to make these things work, the companies forgot all about explaining it to you.
The conference was its first American promotional event for its flagship smartphone. 
The Google operating system is used by most of Samsung’s smartphones.
Its iPhone 5 was the best-selling smartphone in the world in the holiday quarter.
Apple raked in 69 percent of the profits in the smartphone business last year.
In the fourth quarter of 2012, sales of Samsung devices accounted for 30 percent of the American smartphone market.
In the holiday quarter last year, Samsung shipped 63.7 million smartphones.
Samsung released multiple models of smartphones at different prices and sizes.
You look at where they were three years ago to where it is today in the smartphone market.
Samsung had been selling smaller tablets and smartphones with bigger screens for a while.
Samsung’s new smartphone generated nearly as much discussion and excitement in technology blogs as a new iPhone. 
That's in part because the country is already the world's largest smartphone market.
In smaller cities and rural towns, many Chinese consumers are using smartphones as sole Internet devices.
The company hopes to at least make the charging process faster
The small companies made items like wearable fitness devices as well as smartwatches.
Last week, the company started selling the Z3, a smartphone it made specifically for this market.
For them, smartphones are the primary form of entertainment, instead of televisions or computers. 
Brian Hare, an anthropologist and primatologist at Duke University who is known for his studies of dog intelligence.
We mean to press the camera icon but hit the calendar instead.
It is one thing to own a smartphone, as so many of us do.
As the customers film with their smartphones, one server holds the snake taut. 
Facebook even offers free smartphone data connections to basic public online services, some news sites and Facebook itself.
A crash means something quite different for a car compared with a smartphone.
Internet-connected computers, tablets and smartphones are what people rely on daily.
Almost two decades ago, Nokia was the world’s largest smartphone maker.
There is admittedly amid cutthroat competition in the world’s smartphone market.
HMD Global, based in Helsinki, would design the new smartphones and tablets.
Nokia has tried to reinvent itself in the smartphone market before.
Low-cost rivals like Xiaomi of China can offer powerful smartphones to emerging market customers.
Qu Dewei has been selling smartphones for four years in a technology mall in eastern Beijing.
The iPhone’s weaker sales also reflect the broader slowdown in growth in China’s enormous smartphone market.
He expected the Chinese smartphone market to grow only 4.7 percent in 2016.
The next Apple smartphone will have to do much more than her current model for her to be tempted.
Low-risk money market funds and a wallet app that enables easy payment from smartphones around China.
Other smartphone makers using Google’s Android operating system continue to challenge the company with powerful, lower-price devices.
We continue to draw millions of people that are buying their first smartphone to iPhone.
There are tablet offerings from manufacturers almost as abundant as those for smartphones.
Guests can walk past the check-in desk and enter their rooms by using a smartphone as a room key.
BBM was once a killer app for the popular business-first smartphones.
The stiff, written form of the Japanese language can be cumbersome to type on smartphones
Smartphone apps are making it even easier to find available rental cars and rides.
These services work via smartphone apps that let passengers and drivers search for one another.
The company is launching a dual-screen smartphone Wednesday at an event in Moscow's Gorky Park.
The phone allows seamless information streaming without the usual constraints of limited battery life.
The NX300M smart camera does indeed feature the Tizen operating system.
He built Google’s Android software into the world’s dominant force in smartphones.
He has long had a well-known passion for building intelligent machines. 
The windshield wiper has enough “intelligence” to operate when it rains.
Earlier this year, Mr. Rubin stepped down as head of the company’s Android smartphone division.
Mr. Rubin has secretly acquired an array of robotics and artificial intelligence start-up companies.
Other computer-aided design software are into things like architecture models or smartphone cases.
Why not let a machine built with artificial intelligence inside do the work for you?
The biggest automakers like Toyota have more interest in artificial intelligence capabilities to assist drivers, like emergency braking.
The Japanese electronics industry largely missed out on the smartphone revolution.
Yet this summer, even as one Japanese company, NEC, exited the business.
Fujitsu didn't compete with dominant brands like Samsung and Apple in the mainstream smartphone market.
In partnership with Orange, Fujitsu has started selling a smartphone in France.
Fujitsu and DoCoMo introduced the first Raku-Raku smartphone in Japan last year.
That is where the Raku-Raku smartphone, called the Fujitsu Stylistic S01, comes in.
At first glance, the S01 looks like a fairly ordinary smartphone.
The touch-screen "buttons" on the phone’s calling function, require a firmer push than those on ordinary smartphones.
Every smartphone vendor is going to have to adapt to an aging population.
Just two years ago, HTC, the Taipei-based mobile devices maker, was riding the crest of exploding global premium smartphone sales.
It accounts for about one in every 12 smartphones bought globally.
HTC sold about 5.4 million smartphones in the first quarter of this year.
They study in the laboratory of a pioneer in the design of intelligent humanoid machines.
You often say Apple wants to make the best, not the most.
Feature phones, smartphones are used as feature phones, and real smartphones.
The more that are sold I look at as good because those are all potential future customers for real smartphones.
I'd like to convert as many of those as possible to real smartphones.
Motorola Mobility, the handset maker owned by Google, is still trying to find its niche in the smartphone market.
Sales of Motorola’s high-end smartphone, the Moto X, have been slow.
Smartphones have surpassed the traditional cellphone in sales in the United States and some parts of Europe.
Apple and Samsung make most of the profit in the worldwide smartphone market.
They are selling well in emerging markets where high-end smartphones are not popular.
Many manufacturers have been selling low-end smartphones for years for less than the Moto G.
The company thinks the device could appeal to people who cannot afford a fancy smartphone, particularly children.
It was considered to be a major milestone in the march toward artificial intelligence.
This is a judicious and insightful book on human and machine intelligence.
Artificial intelligence is not yet (and may never be) as powerful as intelligence amplification.
The symbiotic smarts that occur when human cognition is augmented by a close interaction with computers.
They stressed the goal of pursuing artificial intelligence machines that left humans out of the loop.
The new mobile system, iOS 8, adds functions like a smarter keyboard and new features for emails and text messages.
The software is likely a precursor to Apple’s coming smart watch.
Fans and customers anticipating new iPhones or a smart watch will have to wait.
New iPhones with larger screens, iPads and a smart watch are expected for release later this year.
In the next 30 years, smart machines and robots will outnumber humans on the planet.
Once dominant, the BlackBerry has slipped to a single-digit percentage of the smartphone market.
The usual Achilles’ heel for a new type of smartphone is the apps.
It includes five different mounts for attaching a smartphone or a small DSLR camera to a 12-inch track.
A version of the stabilizing equipment used by the pros that is been scaled down for smartphones and small cameras.
The standard lens on your smartphone will only get you so far.
The quality of built-in microphones on smartphones and camcorders aren't up to the task.
It will map out the sun's trajectory using your smartphone's camera, GPS and compass.
It is often more useful, and more versatile, than either smartphones or laptops.
If you’ve got the resources and patience to buy a laptop, smartphone and tablet, go for it.
I found that the 6 Plus has two advantages over smaller smartphones, and one primary advantage over rival phablets.
I found myself jotting emails much more quickly than I have on traditional smartphones.
Take smartwatches, which are already available from brands including LG, Motorola and Sony.
Ditto for the Samsung Gear smartwatch, which is about $300 and requires that you own a Samsung phone or tablet.
And if the wearable is a smartwatch,it should look inconspicuous, if not beautiful.
No matter what they look like, analysts think it will be years before wearables replace smartphones and tablets, if ever.
Google’s Android operating system in October 2008, represented an even bigger challenge with smartphones.
These smartphones closely tied hardware, software and a wide variety of customer-pleasing applications.
The relationship went to Samsung, now the world’s biggest smartphone maker.
The introduction of the smartphone has a better camera in every iteration.
The emerging role of the smartphone as a hub that keeps gadgets like smartwatches connected.
They evolve to what we believe will be increasingly become multifunction, always-connected, smart/aware devices.
The market for such technology includes smartwatches, fitness monitors, shoes and headsets.
Until now, smartwatches haven’t quite been able to find their reasons for being.
If Apple comes out with a revolutionary smartwatch with a beautifully easy to use interface, that could change.
A smartphone maker called Xiaomi said on Thursday that it had hired a top executive away from Google.
Android operating system is used by the vast majority of smartphones in China.
Until recently, these Chinese companies seemed happy with their rising sales in China, the biggest smartphone market.
Chinese smartphone brands already account for about one-fifth of sales worldwide.
Google's Android software is used on more than 90 percent of smartphones in the country.
Xiaomi recently said it aimed to sell 20 million smartphones this year.
There are no unmanned drones, robotic warehouses, self-driving cars or software-based assistants.
The idea that all the things around us are going to be intelligent is great.
Apple’s share of the Chinese smartphone market fell to 5 percent in the second quarter.
Apple could not compete with other smartphone makers in those countries.
The iPhone 5C costs twice as much as some rival smartphones, including the Xiaomi Mi3.
Chinese buyers will purchase over 200 million smartphones by the end of 2013.
The woman stares silently while her boyfriend pays no mind and checks his smartphone.
Ms. deGuzman’s video is a direct hit on our smartphone-obsessed culture.
Samsung hopes will catapult wristwatch into a market of smart portable devices that leave cellphones in users’ pockets.
Named the Samsung Galaxy Gear, the so-called smartwatch will join Google Glass as the latest example of wearable technology.
Samsung overtook Apple last year as the world’s largest producer of smartphones.
In offices, workers are getting smart badges that tell them how engaged or stressed they are during meetings.
The percentage of subjects severely impaired fell to 17 percent from 22 percent.
The new watch is slightly better than the old one, but nothing most people need just yet.
They might lead to machines intended for challenges like artificial intelligence.
Our smartphones have come a long way over the past few years.
I set out to stock my iPhone and Android home screens with free email apps.
The first thing I want from an email app is a smarter "New Message" experience.
That laptops are relics in comparison with 'post-PC' tablets and smartphones.
We must use the cloud to sync our smartphones' photos, videos and other goodies with our computers.
The smartphone markets in the United States and parts of Europe have become saturated.
At least 20 percent of all smartphones shipped last year in China were five inches or larger.
The quarter ending in June is a slow time of year for smartphone sales industrywide.
Many consumers are holding out until fall or the holiday shopping season to buy new smartphones.
The Android updates include a simpler and more accurate on-screen keyboard and a smarter auto-correct feature.
A coming version of Android for smartphones and tablets is tentatively named Android L.
It would include new features, like smarter authentication and anti-theft software.
In Android L, Google overhauled the design of its software system powering smartphones and tablets. 
The smartwatch system is controlled by speaking or by swiping the touch screen.
Two smartwatches including Android Wear would be available to order in its online retail store, Play, on Wednesday.
Users can speak voice commands into a smartwatch to search for programs.
It allows users to stream content from their smartphones or computers to the television. 
Your watch should now be the center of your smart device attention.
There's also the lack of distractions when your phone is dumb rather than smart.
Helping people take care of their shopping tasks is an important job to do in any smartphone. 
It most likely already used to one major smart phone platform or another. 
Chinese users of Alipay can easily transfer money into Yu'e Bao using their smartphones. 
Artificial intelligence has become vastly more sophisticated in a short time.
Artificial intelligence is not just about the instructions in the program.
Customers sometimes used their smartphones to snap photos of books they planned to download later. 
Apple has lost ground to the market leader in smartphones, Samsung Electronics.
New TVs on display at the CES were considered smart TVs.
The majority of young adults and teens now prefer to watch video content on their computers.
It is much easier to navigate and find the best content on a smartphone.
Video consumption on smartphones and tablets continued to rise rapidly through 2013. 
They want to develop detailed profiles that are used to market products.
The success underscores how integral game makers have become for messaging app developers.
App developers seek to make money from additional services and grow their user base. 
Seoul-based Devsisters Corp.’s Cookie Run was South Korea's most downloaded game last year.
The popularity of games like Cookie Run has brought in a bonanza of revenue for the messaging app makers. 
In some cases, the messaging service reaches out to game developers.
CJ Games Corp is the developer of some of the most popular games on Kakao's platform.
To address this concern, the foundation has formed a team of 10 software developers focused on mobile. 
At the Google I/O keynote, executives showed off a developer preview of the next version of Android, currently dubbed 'L'.
It encourages developers to make interactive elements that mimic physical elements and objects.
Its annual developers conference will begin on June 10 in San Francisco.
The idea is to get the best out of camera-only autonomous driving.
The exploitation based largely on 411 and related voice-based search products.
They learned software programming, product development and other skills to prepare them for jobs in the technology industry.
Groups like Girls Who Code are part of a national movement to recruit young people to software development.
The results in roughly $15 billion in revenue for app developers and a $4.5 billion cut for Apple.
But it is still a considerable sum for providing a storefront for developers to sell their apps.
It had paid out $5 billion to developers in the previous 12 months.
The company struggled to attract new users,refine its products and develop new forms of advertising.
The startup built chips to help wireless devices use less power and battery life.
The U.N.'s development program hired 16,000 temporary workers to remove half-a-million cubic meters of rubble. 
We have taken steps to strengthen our software development and other processes.
He had a role in the Wii U as well. 
Nintendo does not create games for devices made by other companies.
But when H7N9 appeared in China in February, its genome was sequenced by scientists there and made publicly available.
The robot uses a technology pioneered in Microsoft’s Kinect motion sensing system for its Xbox video game system.
In some cases, the rise of the tablet is changing the way companies develop software. 
He has added an HTML 5 app that displays drawings for tablet-equipped workers on the manufacturing floor. 
It is expected to offer stock to the public soon to finance them.
On Monday, Apple completed a thoroughly choreographed presentation at the annual conference for software developers.
Google Photos is unveiled by the search giant two weeks ago at Google I/O, its own developer conference.
Developers need Apple to compete seriously with Google on these intelligent features.
Raizlabs is a company that builds mobile applications for both the iOS and Android platforms.
That enabled Mr. Simonsen to add two programmers to develop new services.
Our direct benefit is the opportunity to create more products, faster.
It is more efficient to focus on building apps for a single audience running the same software system.
If you’re a developer, you want the largest possible base of devices to be able to use your app.
Bellabeat, developed in Croatia, is just the latest offering in an expanding corner of the self-tracking industry.
Academic researchers and scientists at companies like Microsoft, I.B.M. and Hewlett-Packard have been working to develop quantum computers.
What we’re doing is a parallel development to the kind of computing we’ve had for the past 70 years.
Quantum computing has been a goal of researchers for more than three decades.
An Android version is in the works for release next year. 
App Store allowed third-party developers to sell programs, or apps, for the phone. 
Without publicly announcing the planned product, Boeing has posted a description of the device on its website.
The Google-made operating system has been so important to the success of Samsung’s smartphones and tablets.
APX is one of a handful of companies that are building sports-related apps for Google Glass. 
CrowdOptic built the software the Kings will use to mix the feeds.
Companies attempting to build large-scale commercial applications need more than one pair.
They often create apps for Apple’s platform before they bother with Android. 
They even come from tiny makers of apps and gadgets far away from the main action.
That should make it easier to bring new apps to the phone.
Fluid Inc. is a San Francisco e-commerce consultant and software developer. 
Samsung is also expected give its home-grown OS a leg up by offering its own Tizen-driven devices.
The company aimed for consumers in emerging markets that runs Android without promoting Google's services.
It is likely to be unveiled at a Google developer event in June.
The device was in late-stage development and that it will be integrated with Google Now.
Tizen is an operating system that Samsung has helped develop with Intel and others.
Huawei's push into wearable devices comes at a time when the fledgling market is just starting to take off.
Google is also studying screens that could be built into kitchen walls or dining room tables. 
The I.B.M. developed supercomputer Deep Blue routed the world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997.
A computer program needed at least 10 more years of development.
Around 2010, Lenovo created a team of developers to work on its own mobile apps.
Fragmentation often deters app developers from launching their software on Android first. 
It's much simpler to develop for the more unified Apple platform. 
X.ai is a startup aimed, like Persado, at doing one thing exceptionally well.
Once discs are developed that can handle 4K, they may require entirely new players. 
Today's preview of Android Wear is merely the start--something to get consumers, developers and watchmakers excited. 
Only with the advent of mining, could sources of blue pigment be extracted.
In the race to develop technologies to slow climate change, the world is off track.
It could be expected to take the lead in developing new energy alternatives.
The Energy Department’s budget for research, development and demonstration remains stuck at some $5 billion.
He is now working in Apple's AAPL XCode environment to finish an app named 'Clockie'.  
I always wanted to figure out how they worked and how I could develop apps like that.
The ability to code, or use programming languages to build sites and apps, becomes more in demand. 
The school offers 12-week, $12,000 programs to turn novices into developers. 
Not everyone needs to be Shakespeare, just as not everyone needs to be an amazing developer. 
It takes hundreds of hours to become even a junior developer. 
Web-development classes have been a juggernaut in terms of level of interest. 
The kids build games with Ruby and work with Linux. 
Even people who don't plan on becoming developers may hear at work that they ought to learn to code.
The company has sent employees for the past three years to learn HTML 5 and basic Web development.
The goal of the study is to develop therapies based on probiotics or microorganisms
It also remains to be seen how easy and expensive tapping the new supply will be.
Microsoft has not completed a version of its Office applications for touch-screen devices running the Windows operating system. 
Developers tested lip, eye and cheek products on hundreds of people of numerous ethnicities.
BlackBerry has a long history of being slow to develop new products.
The new generation of startups is heavy on smartphone apps that cater to young Chinese.
Hoodinn Inc.'s Taigang app allows users to debate, often with strangers.
During Beijing's bitter winters it becomes home to some of the developers.
Now, it’s on new molecular and cellular targets to develop new therapies. 
Dr. Chen said it might be possible to develop a drug that would block it.
It provides a promising new target for developing a drug to mimic the mutation’s effect.
But by the late 1990s, pollution, hunting, dams and development had driven it to the brink of extinction.
Fregn is collaborating with a Boston firm on developing a tDCS device.
Dr. Li and a colleague at Bell Labs, A. Gardner Fox, developed a computer simulation.
The F.D.A. worked with the standards institute to develop the DNA reference material.
The food and drug agency has historically refrained from enforcing some of its requirements for laboratory-developed tests.
Moxie Marlinspike is the founder of Open Whisper Systems, the organization that developed Signal.
Mr. Marlinspike recommended this plug-in, developed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital security organization. 
Food producers and developers of genetically modified plants and seeds poured millions of dollars into advertising in 2012。
Apple could involve expanding its Apple TV product or building its own television set.
Mulé was a former vice president of technology development at a TV research and development consortium called CableLabs.
Starwood officials say they developed the precursor to the mobile-phone key in 2010.
The technology and hardware of the Project Sesame were developed with Swedish lock maker Assa Abloy AB.
WeChat is based in China and operated by a company called Tencent.
Line is developed by a Japanese subsidiary of Korean Internet portal operator Naver.
The team funded by PureCircle, the top stevia producer, to engineer a better version of the crop.
A lot of the Asian platforms have developed much deeper, richer experiences.
Russia's focus on math and science education has given it a reputation for producing highly skilled programmers and developers.
It gives developers the flexibility to use the underlying source code. 
The operating system on the NX300M doesn't support software development tools.
Mr. Rubin said he had pondered the possibility of a commercial effort in robotics for more than a decade. 
The Japanese roboticists recently left Tokyo University to develop a humanoid robot.
The company has developed computer vision systems and robot arms for loading and unloading trucks. 
The seven companies are capable of creating technologies needed to build a mobile, dexterous robot. 
Pilates exercises originally were developed by the fitness trainer Joseph Pilates.
Scientists have already formed a company to try to use the technique to develop new antibiotics,vaccines and other products.
Tyler Hinman is now a software developer and game designer at Lumosity. 
One, the N-back, is based on a task developed decades ago by psychologists. 
While Fujitsu and DoCoMo were pioneers in the development of phones for older people.
A few years later, HTC developed the first smartphone that used Google’s Android operating system.
That was our goal, to exploit human intelligence and give humans a tool.
Companies, academics and individual software developers will be able to use it.
The announcements were made at the company’s annual software developer conference here.
App developers will now be able to take advantage of the fingerprint sensor on the latest iPhones.
It's a set of tools for developers to make iPhones more tightly integrated with the so-called smart home.
They are developing a wireless brain interface that they call "neural dust."
One of the most promising tools in this regard is a recently developed technique called optogenetics.
App developers still devote most of their resources to creating the best apps for iOS first.
He now runs communications for the Mozilla Foundation, makers of the Firefox browser.
Nokia announced in February 2011 that the company would drop development on multiple operating systems.
Many speculations think that it is working on a wristwatch that would link with a smartphone.
Fossil has worked with Sony Ericsson, Microsoft and Palm to develop high-tech watches.
The new feature is part of a trove of authentication tools being developed for consumers, and not just for phones.
Users’ fingerprints not were sent to online servers or made available to app developers.
The time and expense involved in developing new parts discouraged vehicle makers.
Designers were able to quickly develop and test a prototype that has the exhaust manifold, built into the engine.
Consider 'smart glasses' developed by Vuzix that use software from SAP AG.
Mr. Zhou, 39, earned his fortune developing web and mobile games.
It is to acquire as well as develop new technologies in various kinds of chips.
The new Chinese supercomputer is still based on American-made optical network technology.
The two men wound up developing a simple and universal set of rules for exchanging digital information.
It availabled to developers from the United States who attended the conference.
Apple is moving to cut Google out of its mobile and desktop operating systems with its own cloud.
Google Glass seemed to garner the most excitement from developers at the event.
The castle key is handed in the hands of a commercial developer.
The development of the World Trade Center is still under construction.
It is also a set of various functions in a multi-purpose development projects.
This vision became increasingly clear at the search giant's annual conference for software developers here on Wednesday. 
This is one of the most comprehensive releases we have done.
He's in front of a convention center crowded with 6,000 software developers.
Rallying app developers is increasingly vital for Google as competition grows with rivals.
Timothy Alessi is director of new product development at LG Electronics. 
Mr. Ive, is the company’s head of design, rarely speaks publicly.
Only one of these, Swedish game developer Mojang AB's Minecraft, was a paid app. 
He oversees about a dozen self-described antiestablishment techies working on the software. 
The Dark Wallet project is consistent with his efforts to promote and develop the digital cash.
It could be pretty simple for developers to transform some of their Android phone apps into Amazon phone apps. 
How much money should stay in the foundation to develop software, create mobile apps and maintain infrastructure?
These led to efforts to reopen or develop new mines in the United States and elsewhere.
Lockheed Martin didn't develop electronic circuits that could operate in Jupiter's intense radiation. 
They need to develop products in areas once considered outside their expertise. 
The television was not actively being built, but Apple would eventually make a television.
It is unclear where Apple stands with the development of a stand-alone television.
Rather than rely on in-house R&D, Mercedes essentially contracted with Tesla.
Work began in 2010 on a software platform for the phone adapted from Google’s Android system. 
The technology included helping to develop drugs, even coming up with novel recipes for tasty foods.
The monitor, Apple says, will get in the way of the company's ability to innovate and develop new technologies.
And employees are prohibited from sharing details about the products they are working on with anyone outside their own team.
Growth in educational attainment, developed-economy R&D intensity and population are all likely to be slower in the future.
Boeing spent more than 36 months researching and developing Black and what it calls the 'PureSecure' architecture.
The technology was also developed out of Kestrel Enterprises Inc., RavenWing Inc. and Solutions Made Simple Inc.
Andy Aaron is a researcher in the Cognitive Environments Laboratory at IBM Research.
Michael Picheny isa senior manager at the Watson Multimodal Lab for IBM Research. 
We’ve been working on flexible displays for more than a decade.
It can take up to six years to design and build a new car.
Any self-driving car ready in six years would likely be limited.
Google X is the company's research lab for risky, long-term initiatives.
Though it says it developed the phone in part through a series of acquisitions of companies.
The computer programmers are attempting to make software more adept than humans at board games.
Samsung Electronics has been beefing up software development capabilities and creating its own apps.
Spending on solar RD&D has been low relative to spending on other energy technologies with less long-term potential.
China spends a fifth of its government research budget on energy.
Some researchers looking to move beyond ECT are now also experimenting with propranolol
When he began developing a gene sequencing machine, he relied mainly on his background at two computer networking start-up companies.
Thats what some of the company's top R&D brains said Monday. 
The big trends that his team is working on involves how a person interacts with a computer. 
Yoram Yaakobi heads up Microsoft's research and development center in Israel. 
Apple of Cupertino, Calif. is famous for products that create markets.
The services include research and development, design, manufacturing and logistics support.
This finding in a primate supports the idea that the receptor is a good target for new drugs in people.
The findings are expected to lead to a push to develop drugs that mimic the effect of the mutations.
Drug development takes years and that there are no guarantees that new treatments will work as hoped.
The online retailer is developing pilotless flying vehicles he calls 'octocopters'.
DuBois left Coca-Cola in 2011, after two decades of working for the company’s global research and development team.
Google is in an effort to create a new generation of robots.
The park invests in research and development to increase the island’s reuse rates.
Research-and-development costs have soared, to $2.7 billion from $1.8 billion from the same quarter a year ago.
There's Windows 7 and offerings from Microsoft's rivals, Apple and Google. 
He leads the development of electronic mail systems for the Internet. 
Uisee will begin by developing technologies that assist rather than replace drivers.
Central and local governments have been investing in research and development for driverless car projects.
It included the vice president of product design, Thomas Chien, and the research and development director Wu Chien-hung.
Third place went to Tartan Rescue, developed by the National Research Engineering Center at Carnegie Mellon University.
For the past four years, Google has been working on self-driving cars.
The new Google strategy for autonomous cars is a break from many competing vehicle projects.
Darpa is already supporting work on brain implants that improve memory to help soldiers injured in war.
Casio muscled all but archrival Sharp out of the market with nimble product development.
At laboratories in the U.S., Switzerland, and Korea, bioengineers are developing unusually flexible ultrathin electronics.
They created a digital skin patch, which can be worn on the wrist.
The electrical engineer Giovanni Salvatore and his colleagues are fabricating even thinner complex circuits.
They also are developing a digital tattoo that can monitor heart rate.
The drugs are already in the pipeline or that could be easily developed.
The new wristband developed by cryptographers at the University of Toronto.
The company's battalion is modeling their efforts on processes first used in drug companies and the tech industry.
In China, Baidu and LeEco are both working on driverless technology.
It is most likely to accelerate the development of China’s own technology.
Traditional makers of business software are making versions of their products for phones and tablets.
Its apps allow iPhone and iPad users to accomplish most of the tasks they can handle with its desktop applications.
The company increasingly approaches its products from the perspective of why wouldn't we do this mobile-first?
Deep in the culture of Apple is this sense and understanding of design, developing and making. 
People felt exactly the same way when we were working on iPhone.
I can't talk with any authority other than design and development of product. 
The capital injection helped JD expand its product offering beyond electronics and develop new systems and software.
He has been hiring developers from the world of open-source technology.
Amazon developed its Kindle with digital books people could buy from Amazon.com.
It gives its users more insight into the data it collects on them.
The privacy announcements today are a political smokescreen to enable Facebook to engage in more data gathering.
There are other big companies as well as data brokers and small players that most people have never heard of.
They scoop up data on people’s online, and even offline, activities.
Giving users a bit more control over their data even while collecting more information about them could be smart business.
Facebook wants more data to make the advertising as relevant as possible.
Recent data suggest that such product-listing ads are attracting advertisers and revenue-generating clicks.
iMessage takes over your messages, by moving the data you send through Apple’s servers instead of your mobile carrier network.
It is encrypting more data as it moves among its servers and helping customers encode their own emails.
These countries have threatened to entrust data only to local providers.
It had to acquiesce to some governments’ requests for data to comply with national laws.
In one slide from the disclosures, N.S.A. analysts pointed to a sweet spot inside Google’s data centers.
Google was already suspicious that its internal traffic could be read.
It had started a program to encrypt the links among its internal data centers.
Facebook and Yahoo have also been encrypting traffic among their internal servers.
They have been moving to more strongly encrypt consumer traffic with so-called Perfect Forward Secrecy.
She disputed the institute’s conclusion that she had intentionally falsified data.
It is also expected to provide data on how the air mixes at such high altitudes.
In one of the articles in Nature, they examined United States Air Force data from the 1960s and 1970s.
They examined data from sensors verifying a ban on aboveground nuclear weapons testing.
These are based on a new analysis of data from NASA’s Kepler spacecraft.
They come to the conclusion according to a herculean three-year calculation based on data from the Kepler spacecraft. 
Sometims the data is called eta-Earth, and it is an important factor in the so-called Drake equation.
Meanwhile, Mr. Petigura made an innovation borrowed from other data-intensive fields like particle physics.
he could inject fake planets into the data ― 40,000 in all.
But Kepler is dead and we have no way to get any further data. 
They decided that they would not exchange their data and answers until their papers were almost complete.
Google's linguists have five years of data on billions of pronunciations.
A year ago, just for the English language, Google had a database of 230 billion word strings.
It is building up its database of speech during Siri's early life.
First, they scrape the memory of in-store payment systems for credit and debit card “track” data.
The data can include an account number, expiration dates and personal identification numbers, or PINs.
They can remove payment data, update the malware or delete it to escape detection.
The fabric sock is embedded with sensors that send data via Bluetooth to a smartphone.
Beyond safety, the manufacturers must also convince parents their devices provide data that is accurate and useful.
Minor fluctuations in the data can be normal but might still worry parents.
A $30 annual subscription lets the Dashlane apps automatically sync your data across devices.
All of this gets protected by the master password, encrypted in a database on your computer or mobile device.
Behind the scenes, Dashlane takes some important steps to secure your data.
Neither Dashlane nor a hacker breaking into the company's systems could access your data without knowing your master password.
This additional authentication isn't helpful with its design, where there is no central silo of your data.
You could even use the old-fashioned technique, and print out the database on paper.
It had not yet released numbers for annual sales for Google Play. 
Its software helps devices run reams of data more efficiently by using less memory with its compression technology.
The company has software to turn the data in an iPhone or iPad into a personal assistant.
They assemble online databases of knowledge and check and verify them.
These summaries draw from databases of knowledge like Wikipedia, the C.I.A. World Factbook and Freebase.
He is an English major who has become a self-taught expert in the arcane data.
From hundreds of data points on college costs, they select the ones most relevant to college students and their parents.
Microsoft Word is already a word processor, a Web design program, a database and a floor wax.
That market involves helping find useful insights in a rising flood of data from many sources.
Advances in several computing technologies have opened this opportunity and market, now called Big Data.
Today, it is doing Big Data and analytics work with more than 10,000 customers worldwide.
I.B.M. forecasts that its revenue from Big Data work will reach $16 billion by 2015.
These companies, like I.B.M., are employing the data-mining technology to trim costs.
Watson has read those notes, 20,000 recipes, data on the chemistry of food ingredients.
As we add more data to the training we believe that we will get even better results.
They select it from a data set describing the chemical structure of 15 different molecules. 
The students were also working with a relatively small set of data.
More significantly it won on a data set that it wouldn’t have been expected to win.
With greater accuracy, marketers can comb large databases of consumer behavior to get more precise information on buying habits.
The winning program accurately identified 99.46 percent of the images in a set of 50,000.
Yahoo shares more data about users and ad performance than its rivals, helping brands refine their marketing.
At an automation trade show last year in Chicago,Ron Potter offered attendees a spreadsheet. 
He enjoyed talking to people who ran the company’s data centers.
And data from the National Gardening Association suggest that the typical customer will not do like this.
H.P. is a leader in personal computers, printers and computer servers, as well as data storage and networking.
We like the security aspect of the data being stored centrally.
We also have several projects that have seeded the seas with data-logging buoys.
The scientists have three more years of work to analyze the data that has already been obtained.
The Flex’s factory setting is to transmit the data only when you open the Fitbit app on the phone.
The Up software can plot hours of sleep against physical activity.
Both bands let you share your daily measurements with friends, relatives or blood rivals who own the same band.
Worldwide, e-commerce sales topped $1 trillion last year, according to the research firm eMarketer.
They have conductted surveillance and scooped up data in the online games played by millions of people across the globe.
These days CEO Tom Chavezsays the company sifts through 160,000 pieces of data a second.
Companies also often have to rework many of their older software programs to run on another company's computers.
U.S. government surveillance programs have also made customers of outsourced computing providers ask tougher questions about the data's security.
The Air Force started a Cyber Patriot competition in which hackers defend against a “Red Team” trying to steal data.
People read more than ever on mobile devices and usually in 10-minute bursts,according to research by e-reading subscription services.
Combining hard data with the mystery of pregnancy seems like a no-brainer.
Cancer researchers see a potential to move rapidly through vast amounts of genetic data.
Each represents an app ― and, often, that app’s latest data.
The team of three dozen astronomers, data analysts and planetary scientists detailed their findings in two research papers.
The data were collected before the Kepler telescope malfunctioned last year.
In the meantime, the researchers continue to pore through data collected while Kepler telescop was still working properly.
The results gained from employing machine-learning algorithms and huge databases of human emotions embedded in speech.
That is used to generate a database of parts and even subparts of speech spoken in many different ways. 
A human voice actor may spend from 10 hours to hundreds of hours, if not more, recording for each database.
Several members of the team spent more than a year creating a giant database of correct pronunciations.
According to the authorities, it greased $1.2 billion in drug deals and other crimes, including murder for hire.
Shipments of “nonreflex interchangeable lens” cameras declined 13 percent in volume and 5 percent in value from January through September.
Through the built-in display, fans can summon statistics and watch replays. 
Google's car uses multiple sensors and map data in real time.
The technology will make credit card data theft less likely. 
Throwing your data at Google is a good idea for two reasons.
Google allows you to download your personal data from most of its services.
And there is also Data Sense, which tries to conserve Internet data and monitors your monthly allotment.
The new numbers are reported by a tracking initiative called the Global Carbon Project .
The open data also includes the ages of participants and the regions where they live. 
The methods for extracting relevant genetic data from the raw genetic sequence files were specialized enough.
He stresses that he is a strong advocate of data sharing.
He realized he had the tools to probe a DNA database.
The population tends to submit DNA data to recreational sites like the genealogical ones.
Natera has not yet published any data about its test in peer-reviewed journals. 
Collect data about your body are more useful on your arm, torso, waist or feet. 
You can monitor the data in real-time via a phone app.
He implored a dean to develop an efficient means of encoding product data.
He carried out a recent Bloomberg survey of Wall Street investors, analysts and traders by company’s financial data terminals.
The data traced the onset of inflation to a special time.
Its chips are in the huge data servers that power the cloud, where much mobile data is stored.
Technology companies is the custodians of reams of personal data from hundreds of millions of people around the world.
They had received the overall number of data requests from United States law enforcement agencies. 
From Dec. 1, 2012, through May 31, 2013, it received between 4,000 and 5,000 requests for data.
They’ve got to say to the consuming public that we care about your data.
We’re going to do everything we can to preserve your data.
It prohibits companies from disclosing virtually anything about the requests for national security data without permission.
Facebook wrote that when it posted its data late Friday night.
Similarly, we do not store data related to customers’ location, Map searches or Siri requests in any identifiable form.
Google is still in talks to try to publish more detailed data.
Still, the government gives permission to break out FISA requests as a separate data point. 
His latest target is NASA, in a squabble over data from the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer spacecraft.
An offshoot called Neowise used the heat data to calculate the size and reflectivity of 158,000 asteroids.
Even if Myhrvold is correct, Harris said the Neowise data “has good enough validity to be useful for most purposes.
There isn’t any one system that is going to provide us all the data we need.
Lenovo says it help users share, protect and manage their data.
Qiezi enables two phones to share data without an Internet connection. 
The fastest and most robust cellular data network  is most widely used in the U.S.
But every artificially intelligent system needs a body of data on which to 'train' initially. 
That body of data was text messages sent to prepaid cellphone customers in Europe.
For Amy, it's a race to get a body of 100,000 email meeting requests. 
Amusingly, engineers at X.ai thought about using one of the biggest public database of emails available, the Enron emails. 
HDMI 2.0 is an interface for transferring video and audio data which supports 4K resolution.
A windscreen overlaid with data might seem like the fantastic future.
The sensor also logs stats on your acceleration, deceleration and fuel economy to issue a driving report card of sorts.
He was skeptical when he first learned of the genetic data.
Businesses such as American Express send senior executives to programs about data and computational design.
These corporations have sent senior teams to two-day programs on topics such as Introduction to Big Data and Rapid Prototyping.
He is directing an effort to assemble a database of 26,000 brain scans.
With neuroimaging, there are so many ways to process the data.
It contrasted sharply with available data for other hominins in the region and elsewhere in Africa.
Two teams of physicists reported hints of a bump in their data that could be the boson.
Nobody who has seen the new data is talking, except to say not to believe the blogs.
Most of the physicists doing the work do not even know what they have.
In order to avoid bias, the physicists involved avoided looking at most of the crucial data.
If the discrepancy persists, it could undermine attempts to reach that statistical rigor.
98.5 percent of abortions occur before 21 weeks, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
Dr. Gurnett and his team have spent the past few months analyzing their data.
About the equivalent of a refrigerator light bulb, until roughly 2025.
As the solar system’s edge grew tantalizingly close, NASA asked the Voyager scientists to increase the amount of data collection.
The 8-track data recorders from 1977 were not exactly bursting with extra space.
Could Ms. Dodd even find anyone who specialized in that piece of technology and could coax it to record more?
The first of the newly programmed data dumps was set to come down.
They want to get  the first comprehensive measurement data on melt speed.
Taking each measurement data was so difficult and dangerous, requiring two scientists to work at the same time.
EWhile data processing power and transistor density are increasing exponentially, prices are falling at an accelerating rate.
Once you make the transition from a data poor to data rich environment, everything changes.
Dr. Hatzes called Gliese 581g is a marginal finding, and the lack of more data support, which often happens.
I think that no amount of fancy analysis can replace having high-quality data and more of it.
It can take years to collect and analyze data from the entire galaxy.
they found leftover data points that could be explained by a fifth planet.
At present, the data of Forveille have not been published in any peer-reviewed journal.
So we will now publish their own data for them for all the world to see and analyze.
One is that those years of frenzied drilling led him to fall behind in publishing his data.
Michael J. Palma is an electronics manufacturing services analyst at IDC.
An app called Baogongzi hides user's names but lets them identify themselves by salary and profession.
Ulrich Kühn is a head of the technical department at Hamburg’s data protection regulator.
The judges ruled that search engine is a “controller” of individuals’ data within the European Union.
Previously, the company had been viewed as a mere “processor” of online data.
The new report assessed data from 15 randomized trials involving 3,911 women and infant pairs. 
Dr. McDonald acknowledged that the review did not include data on the long-term neurological outcomes for babies.
Amgen owns a company whose data played a key role in the research.
DeCODE Genetics is a company with data on genes and diseases for the entire population of Iceland.
In the wake of the F.D.A. warning, 23andMe has stopped providing data on health risks.
Researchers pooled data from 103 studies involving 6.2 million stroke hospitalizations and deaths in 28 countries.
There are already dictionaries and databases that do include this word.
They lacked a geographic breakdown to show whether the pattern had taken hold in many states.
The new report was based on the country’s largest set of health data for children.
that’s better than any scientist can come up with with all their data.
The data provide a good starting point for people considering taking a fish oil supplement.
Dr. Kalager, whose editorial accompanying the study was titled “Too Much Mammography”, using data from pooled analyses of clinical trials.
Researchers gathered data on whether mothers had ever breast-fed their children.
It could be used by the government to target people based on their race, religion or national origin.
During the campaign, Mr. Trump did not rule out the idea of a database of Muslims.
That's because it could potentially be resurrected from a hard drive.
You can be sure by looking at the code that they’re not doing anything weird with your data.
Once they have access to your email, they can get access to banking, social media, data backups and work accounts.
Everybody had a hard time believing it at first, so we generated more and more data to nail it down.
The trippy scene, all fall colors and gray splotches, was built from data captured by NASA’s Spitzer Space Telescope.
The agency does not conduct a comprehensive scientific review of data generated by the developer. 
Accelerometers record all sense movement and feed data into the device’s electronic brain.
The scientists were intrigued but did not have enough data to nail down the gene’s role in heart attacks.
The Danish data, Dr. Kathiresan said, are eerily consistent with our data.
Hundreds of companies use this service for data storage and computation.
There was little information for customers about what had happened, or even whether user data was safe.
In April 2011, a problem appealed in Amazon’s networking at a nearby data center.
It included who has access to the devices and how the information they collect is shared.
It's roughly double the comparable figures for the luxury jewelry brand Tiffany & Company.
Ryan Lai is a market analyst at the consulting firm IDC, Reuters. 
Data privacy officials in European countries would have the final say on whether a link should be removed. 
There are particular reasons, such as the role played by the data subject in public life. 
They test it on a database of prostate-tumor specimens gathered from a variety of trials.
Apple's desire to bolster its ability to link its data centers with the large networks.
Connections between Apple's data centers and the networks that connect to customers would give the company more control over quality.
Sprint's network links directly to the Apple data center storing songs.
Netflix's data caches now deliver about 70% of that kind of distributed content in the U.S，said network researcher DeepField Inc.
For now, consumers have to choose products based on price, size and the amount of desired data.
The data-obsessed must turn to a Basis B1 ($199 for the carbon steel model) or Mio Alpha ($199).
Ramon Llamas is senior analyst of global mobile phone markets for IDC. 
It accounts for about 11 percent of ad spending in the United States, according to the research firm eMarketer.
A file-sharing database MakerBot oversees, called Thingiverse, currently holds more than 36,000 downloadable designs.  
He has data on more than 30,000 of the nearly 50,000 students who have been trained. 
It was a chance to get some data on elite distance runners.
Wong Teck Zhung is an analyst with the market research firm IDC.
Amazon and Barnes & Noble already collect vast amounts of information from their e-readers but keep it proprietary.
Now the start-ups ― which also include Entitle, a North Carolina-based company ― are hoping to profit by telling all.
Having actual data about how her books are being read would take her market research to the ultimate level.
Scribd is just beginning to analyze the data from its subscribers.
Oyster data shows that readers are 25 percent more likely to finish books that are broken up into shorter chapters.
They build machines that can interpret complex data and better interact with humans.
The company is experimenting with charging for data storage, or selling computing on a metered basis, like water or electricity.
When you say $14 billion to $15 billion compared to those numbers, it's clearly smaller and a smaller percentage.
The app logs statistics like a user’s footsteps, heart rate and sleep activity.
The app will be able to pull data from third-party fitness and health-monitoring hardware.
Gartner and IDC made a report about this quarter’s market-share on computer server shipments and sales.
Companies like Quanta ship these computers in shrink-wrapped racks that go into the world’s biggest data centers.
The incessant demand for their undistinguished raw power by cloud-computing data centers.
Xiaomi controlled 5 percent of the smartphone market in China in the second quarter, according to Canalys.
Xiaomi sells phones ranging from about $180 to $300, according to Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
It can monitor heart rate and transmit the data wirelessly to a cellphone.
Dr. Lander said that his head explodes at the amount of data.
Analyzing the data required the equivalent of more than 300 years of computer time.
Armed with the database, exports mix and match plants to create new, eggless foods.
The models used decades of data on material properties and engine performance as a guide.
Much more data needed to be collected and crunched before parts could be reliably designed and tested digitally.
Decades of data on the costs, performance and safety of various materials and designs have been digitized.
Hackers in the recent Target payment card breach gained access to the retailer’s records through its heating and cooling system.
Databases containing sensitive material like proprietary source code or customer credit cards are connected to the same network.
Companies are giving wearables to employees and customers to gather subtle data about how they move and act.
The gadget's LCD screen displays real-time stats for personal feedback and benchmarking.
Data showed he was having little or no interaction with many new reports.
A head-up displayoffers warehouse workers voice and visual data on a head-up display.
The bands have a randomly assigned code that securely links to an encrypted database with user information.
Coaches' laptops can crunch the data from the sensors to come up with a 'PlayerLoad' stat.
The Bills will be able use the ever-larger data samples to mine new insights while refining each position's safety standards.
Because of the damage caused by the collision, the car was physically incapable of transmitting log data to our servers.
It is limited in the speed with which it can move data in and out of each processor.
We'll have the best observational data set of Jupiter that we've ever had.
Dr. Fletcher wanted to piece together Juno's measurements of ammonia and water。
The Juno will not send back any photographs or data from the instruments.
You can't plug in your iPhone or Android phone and drag over files.
The new Mac operating system Mavericks includes enhanced security and data-encryption technology aimed at corporate customers.
That is because 4K images generate a lot more data to a certain degree.
A decade later, Amazon’s China operation has less than 2 percent of the online shopping market, according to iResearch Consulting.
If one of these storage solutions goes kaput, so can the data. 
Space Monkey's founders have years of experience with data backup technology. 
The thought of storing your data with an unfamiliar company may make you nervous.
You can point it to your Space Monkey drive for storage.
The data service costs $50 and the phone costs just $12.50 a month.
The NSA found a "convenient" way to vacuum vast amounts of data. 
The NSA's reach was also revealed to extend to cellphone data.
Juno is expected to collect relevant data as it swoops close to the cloud tops of Jupiter.
The spacecraft will not send back any photographs or data from the instruments.
It is tapping into its vast records on the online spending habits of its users for a new purpose.
The central bank, the People’s Bank of China, maintains a credit reference center with 850 million people in its database.
It will also tap into data on 37 million small businesses that buy and sell goods on Alibaba’s shopping websites.
It routes Web traffic through Internet Protocol addresses around the globe.
You enter data on how you’re feeling, using a number of slide controls.
Apple can make it easier to get backup data in the iCloud cloud.
In this case, the prosecution tried to get data from an iPhone related to an ice distribution network.
The import data could indicate continued robust growth in demand and economic activity in China’s own economy.
Currently, Google does not have an ad option incorporating more social data ready to be used by advertisers. 
Ooyala collects data on the viewing habits of 200 million online video watchers.
Look, I realize that there’s something patronizing about a man griping about poor breast-feeding practices.
You can use voice watches and miniature sensing devices to keep track of children who are too young to carry a smartphone.
The paper describing the technique, set off a race to see if it would work in human, plant and animal cells.
The University of California and the Broad Institute are arguing before the federal patent office over whether Dr. Doudna or Dr. Zhang.
The paper by Dr. Doudna and Dr. Charpentier in 2012 did not demonstrate how to alter DNA in cells with nuclei.
TV manufacturers have put a lot of work into upscaling technology to ensure that today's HD content looks even better on 4K sets right now.
The same technique was used to detect frozen water below the surface on Mars and within similar craters on the Moon.
For the first time since the I.E.A. started monitoring clean energy progress, not one of the technology fields tracked is meeting its objectives.
Turning to the sun for a big chunk of power requires a leap in the basic technology converting photons into electric power to sharply reduce the price.
You have a technology that makes it ever so slightly easier for lots and lots of these neurons to be active, to do their thing.
Or it may mean, in the view of some tDCS researchers, that many scientists simply refuse to believe that a relatively simple, inexpensive technology can work.
Two years ago, Dr. Waller studied C.B.T. therapists in Britain treating adults with eating disorders to see what specific techniques they used.
One of his business partners tried the technology, which was being used in wineries and other commercial facilities to curb mold.
The new technique is so effective and easy to use that some physicians may push ahead before its safety can be assessed.
They also accepted “a responsibility to partner with communities where the effects of rapidly changing technologies have hurt our fellow Americans.” 
Despite the astronomical rise in recent years in the use of radiation to obtain medical images, this balancing act is too often ignored. 
The virtual key will unlock the door with a tap or twist of their phone through the use of Bluetooth technology.
The lunar rover was a key element in an ambitious program designed to help close the space gap with the U.S. and Russia.
There is a moment that crystallized the anger building here toward the so-called technorati for driving up housing prices and threatening the city’s bohemian identity.
It only retroactively made it known at a Tizen event last month that the camera had actually been sporting Tizen technology. 
In a lab in Youngstown, workers are mastering the 3-D printing that has the potential to revolutionize the way we make almost anything.
It was clear that despite the technical challenges and costs, everyone in the room was as enthusiastic about the technology as Mr. Galvin.   
It's a big change from the boxy Lexus SUV Google that has been retrofitting the last few years with self-driving technology.
The market for such technology could jump tenfold to as much as $50 billion in the next two to three years.
Apple has also had more trouble with Chinese regulators as it has become a bigger force in the Chinese tech industry.
We will probably see more tech failures as autonomous driving technology starts to be used more frequently on both sides of the Pacific.
The Q allows any user with an Android phone or tablet to wirelessly send content to speakers or a television all over the air.
A more focused, nimble collection of mini-Microsofts could respond more effectively to the never-ending flow of disruptive technologies nibbling at its foundations.
Mr. Zeisser and his team have been charged with nothing less than turning their employer into a global Internet and e-commerce colossus.
Dashlane won't let someone unlock your passwords on a new device without first entering an ever-changing code it sends directly to your phone or email.
It’s precisely because of this risk of being displaced by phones that gadget makers ought to think of their hardware as a platform for software.
Because militants often rely on features common to video games, American and British intelligence agencies worried that they might be operating there.
In the last few years, consumer electronics have started to share one characteristic, no matter who makes them: they're all rectangles.
Here's what you need to know about the new flagship smartphone from Samsung: It can swim, but it won't make any waves.
What sets Pocket apart, though, is the ability to send stories by simply emailing a link to a Web page. 
You can “pin” frequently used tiles to people from your contacts list, mail accounts or mailboxes, icons from Desktop Windows and apps.
Max Tegmark wrote in an email, “I think that if this stays true, it will go down as one of the greatest discoveries in the history of science.”
Thus, you don't have to bother with back-and-forth emails trying to find a convenient time and available place for lunch. 
Using a can of compressed air to blow around ports and between keys will help maintain the look, performance and value of your device.
The DataVac Electric Duster lists for $100 and comes with all sorts of little attachments for cleaning out your devices’ crevices and seams.
These covers are also ideal for those who might have to share their devices with multiple people during the course of the day.
Health and electronics experts advise wiping down your mobile device with a moist microfiber cloth at least daily for basic sanitation and upkeep.
The Atlas group put it at 124 billion electron volts, while the CMS group came up with 126 billion electron volts.
Dr. Merker said in e-mail that his research had only "marginal bearing" on fetal pain and did not deal with pain specifically.
If such recording were to become a national mandate, electronic medical records could help doctors and patients keep track of radiation exposures.
If you look at the new Kindle for any stretch of time, you don’t just forget that you’re reading an e-book.
The team plans to have a technology demonstration ready in less than a year at the consumer electronics show in Las Vegas in 2017.
Thompson also celebrates the fact that digital tools and networks are allowing us to share ideas with others as never before.
The focus of the research is to make these ultra-flexible electronics that can be mounted on the skin or the body.
We've all seen gadgets that can measure our heart rates, how many calories we're burning or how many steps we take.
CloudMagic and Mailbox do a far better job than the default iOS and Android apps at putting desktop-quality email controls in my pocket. 
It is the kind of thing you've seen in other sectors of the company, such as Google Now or Chrome. 
Part of life in Androidland is never knowing whether or not an Android software update will be available for your brand and model.
Mr. de Castro, a former consultant at McKinsey, was fond of using spreadsheets but was weak in his knowledge of Google's products.
His managerial modus operandi was to take new technologies or product ideas and generalize them to as many areas as possible.
Why create a portal to shop for insurance when you can create a portal to shop for every product in the world?
Such disputes are a big reason Mr. Page had been shedding managerial duties and delegating the bulk of his product oversight to Mr. Pichai.
To attract new consumers, the Chinese phone maker’s new handset has many features that compete directly with those of its more established rivals.
Philip W. Schiller strode across the stage of the California Theater in San Jose last week trumpeting the virtues of new Apple products.
The documentary, "The Light Bulb Conspiracy," showcased how past industries have gone to great efforts to reduce the life span of products.
This newest addition to the maternity market will have to shout to be heard above the din of other pregnancy gadgets.
Now that the product has been born, Ms. Sr?en and her partner Sandro Mur are about to learn if that's true.
Marketers also are making deals in which they pay only on concrete evidence that consumers signed up for their products or services.
Narrowing so many products in the most dynamic of modern industries down to 12 is a subjective exercise and others will disagree. 
While Mr. Ive and Mr. Newson helped design some of the products in the auction, other objects were selected by the famous design.
“Always on” cameras are becoming popular in home electronics like the Xbox One and a new wave of streaming video security systems. 
It includes emotion words, characteristics of the product, the 'call to action' and even the position of text and the images accompanying it.
Only the hardiest gadget lovers should think of buying 4K now while they still cannot get the full benefit of it.
His new study aims to widen the scope of the Shanghai test, evaluating both pricey reusable masks like Totobobo and cheaper versions by 3M.
Mr. Watson told me that at any given time there are “around 50” new products being tested in the Mickey D pipeline
It found that six of those products contained levels of omega-3s that were, on average, 30 percent less than stated on their labels.
Tests showed that at least a dozen products contained DHA levels that were, on average, 14 percent less than listed on their packaging.
Samples of each product were either purchased online on sites like Amazon or bought off the shelves in stores and tested immediately.
As for heavy metals, the study found that all of the products tested contained only very low levels of mercury, ranging from one to six parts per billion per serving.
The new research provides “a snapshot in time,” which may not be a reliable indicator of the overall quality of a line of supplements.
This is a nonprofit group that does regular spot checks on certain supplements and provides a seal to the ones that meet its requirements.
The illegal wildlife products that officials manage to interdict account for an estimated 10 to 20 percent of the total trafficked.
the respondents weren’t sure what degree or form of processing would be enough to strip a product of its natural status.
It fell back instead on an advisory opinion, hinting only that a natural food is one without artificial or synthetic additives.
He believes he got cancer from the toxic processes used to extract gold, silver and other precious metals from the country’s discarded electronics.
I just always tried to say that the macro thing for us is to make a great product and we must do that.
These are last-generation editions, though Dell says it hopes to offer an upgrade to the latest version of Android next year.
The products that Apple is poised to release this year were part of the best product pipeline he has seen in his 25 years at the company.
The Surface Pro is an important idea, almost a new category, and it will be the right machine for a lot of people.
A model with a fingerprint sensor that can be used instead of a passcode to open the phone and buy products.
Price discrepancies between Hong Kong and mainland China have given rise to a booming trade in smuggled and “gray market” Apple products on the mainland.
Apple dropped the price of its new product to $400 after customers and analysts complained that the original $600 price tag was too high.
A more recent product of the new design process is a 1.5-liter, four-cylinder engine that Ford will introduce in China this year.
It is beyond the reach of existing antivirus products and most security controls, Kaspersky reported, making it virtually impossible to wipe out.
In addition to reflecting who you are as a professional, an article is a really compelling way to engage with other people.
That means you get a chance to put your best professional foot forward, completely independently of whether you're seeking a job.
Apple and Samsung still claim most of the available profits given their ability to squeeze large price subsidies from wireless carriers.
The size-imaging sensor in the new unit is twice as big, which means the camera captures much more light and can deliver a better picture with more zoom capability.
Amir Haque, who shares an office with Mr. Donat, admits he sometimes envies Mr. Donat's ability to perform well with a messy desk.
Dr. Drouin has concluded that the common ancestor we share with those other primates lost the ability to make vitamin C around 60 million years ago.
A sleepy brain appears to not only respond more strongly to junk food, but also has less ability to rein that impulse in.
He also helped establish that people are less able to detect calories in soda and other drinks than in solid foods.
The ability of the Amazon forest to soak up excess carbon dioxide is weakening over time, researchers reported last week. 
We've anesthetized them, we take away their ability to think, to breathe, and we cut them open and operate on them. 
No matter what you do, any country in the world is going to have the ability to set its own rules internally. 
The same will turn out to be true of our ability to digitally store and easily access huge amounts of information and memories outside of our own brains.
If sales of the company’s less expensive model disappoint, Apple has the ability to drop the price, as it has in the past.
It’s this ability to let us feel a sense of human connection that boosters say will make virtual reality a powerful communications platform.
People in their 90s who were given a standard test of mental ability in 2010 scored substantially better than people who had reached their 90s a decade earlier.
A class-action lawsuit in California claims Apple violates the law by failing to deliver messages when an iPhone user switches to a new, non-iPhone device.
One user told me that every time she turns her iPhone off and then back on, a flood of iMessages pour in.
Earlier this year, Devsisters partnered with Line to release its game to users in Japan, Taiwan and several Southeast Asian countries. 
Apple’s service, a Pandora-like feature that would tailor streams of music to each user’s taste, has been planned since at least last summer.
Once it is installed on a Mac, the malware listens for a USB connection to an iOS device and immediately infects it.
Here he is referring to a design practice in which the machine’s intelligence and user interface are built out of flexible software rather than baked into the hardware。
But we made a decision to put the user experience on any device that was close to you, like your phone or P.D.A.
Microsoft will try to sell Nokia X buyers on its own software and services, with hopes of converting them to a Windows Phone down the road.
Apple’s new features represent an effort to make iPhones smarter and more contextually aware of users’ daily rhythms and needs. 
Apple’s new personal assistant use cues like location, time and user patterns to suggest specific apps to use at that moment.
In Microsoft’s Xbox Live service, subscribers connect online in games that can involve activities like playing soccer or shooting at each other in space.
As early adopters of the platform may recall, Oxley’s bird is a slender, serene fellow, adorned only by a stylized eye.
Steve Jobs once derided tablets with smaller screens, saying they would need to include sandpaper so people could sand down their fingertips to use them.
Windows, which has more than a billion users around the world, is getting a radical makeover, a rare move for a product with such vast reach.
The renovation will needlessly force people to relearn how they use a device every bit as common as a microwave oven.
The Start screen is dominated by a colorful grid of rectangles and squares that users can tap with a finger or click with a mouse to start applications.
I just think when it comes to the traditional customer base, the office computer user, they’re essentially being thrown under the bus.
The release of Apple’s latest mobile software system, iOS 8, was riddled with major bugs, and Apple customers actually seem to care.
The newest system is made to work best on newer phones, and that encourages people with older devices to eventually buy new ones.
Ena Lukic, a Bellabeat beta tester in Croatia, says when she played the heartbeat for her partner, 'it was very emotional.'
That is why it is trying to follow people into the physical world, with services like Wallet for payments and Offers for coupons. 
But the phone and its software are designed more to bolster Google features and global Android dominance than to wow sophisticated users.
It can make recommendations and predict what information users need based on what they are doing or where they are at. 
This too is the familiar Google Now user interface, similar what's seen on Google Glass, which is also powered by Android.
It allows users to disable some of the new features that had drawn criticism such as the software's parallax and zoom functions.
Line has $10 million a month in revenue from selling stickers that users can send to each other while chatting with friends.
WhatsApp, KakaoTalk, Kik, WeChat and Line have added hundreds of millions of users around the world in the last few years.
Now it’s in a global race to win over users and to convince them this is what messaging should be. 
The sound built into the HU9000 model I tested was anemic, but presumably anybody buying such a big TV would have a sound system.
Neil Hunt told me the quality shouldn't suffer as more people get Ultra HD TVs and all try to stream at the same time.
It won't work for everyone because Netflix requires broadband speed of at least 16 megabits to sustain the Ultra HD connection.
Another concern for analysts is the cost per click, the average price the company is paid each time a user clicks on an ad.
For the longest time Street View users ask that we either preserve the imagery or that we give them the ability to go back.
Microsoft revamped Windows, replacing the beloved classic desktop with a Start Screen of tiles that point to programs, files and services.
Besides bragging rights and a much bigger customer base, IBM may be accelerating the growth of Watson’s power by putting it in the cloud.
It was really iPhone that was Apple's first product that really introduced a large number of people in China, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand.
When a user is typing, the keyboard tries to predict the next word the user will type to help save time.
More so than a new iPhone, they broadcast that a user is willing to drop a solid chunk of change to keep up on tech trends.
It’s a major blow, and one that probably hit some of the company’s most loyal customers who would be the first to buy the new phones.
The site relaunched last summer with code that works just as well on phones and tablets as it does on a PC.
People who are used to iOS and Android will need to figure out new ways to get around this device. 
It changes its search settings to make it harder for users to hide from other people trying to find them on the social network.
The change Facebook made Thursday was the equivalent of forbidding users from having an unlisted number in the phone book. 
The best way for users to protect their privacy was to adjust the settings for their profile and each individual post they make.
To unlock Dashlane, you have to enter your master password as well as a code that Dashlane texts to your phone.
It could be possible to tell instantly how the millions of lines of software running a network of satellites would react to a solar burst or a pulse.
He went in with no experience and has since learned enough HTML, JavaScript and CSS to build a simple website. 
During Mr. Liu's spare time in college, he wrote software code and earned enough money to buy a small restaurant near campus.
A person with a bacterial infection might be sent the code to recreate a virus intended to kill that specific bacterium.
He acknowledged that they were right and he was wrong, and soon afterward he made the same declaration in public. 
A program created by scientists at the Swiss A. I. Lab at the University of Lugano won a pattern recognition contest by outperforming.
This makes it possible for developers to create one application for all of their computing platforms, including PCs, phone and tablets.
For starters, he developed an HTML 5 app that allows customers to check the status of an order from any computer, including a tablet. 
He had his staff create a portal that brought the finance information online, so that it was accessible by tablet. 
Since its initial public offering, Facebook has lost half its value on Wall Street under pressure to make more money from mobile devices. 
When Evolva gets its system going ― which should happen in the next few years ― the cost of stevia-based sweeteners could plummet.
One of the things different between us and some of our competitors is we just focus on the product, developing good products.
Advances in pattern recognition hold implications not just for drug development but for an array of applications, including marketing and law enforcement.
At barely 2 percent of the federal government’s total research and development budget, energy budgt pales next to other countries’ efforts.
Mr. Bezos showed Charlie Rose an early version of the drone in development on an episode of the CBS news program '60 Minutes' aired Sunday evening.
An international competition to pave the way for a new generation of rescue robots was dominated by a team of Japanese roboticists.
The research agency is trying to develop systems that could be used in situations like the meltdown of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
The software is protected by encryption both when it is in data centers and when data is being sent over the Internet.
Their data suggested that the somewhat larger ones hit more frequently than would be expected based on the estimates from sky surveys. 
I would say that small planets are everywhere and very common ― no matter how you slice and dice the data. 
Without the extra time, the data will be noisy, so the answer will be a little more uncertain than it might have been.
It was connected wirelessly to the Internet, giving it access to a vast cloud-based set of data that could be matched to what the local sensors were seeing.
The hackers deploy malicious software called Backoff that is devised to steal payment card data off the memory of in-store cash register systems.
Now it is invading the crib, targeting tech-enthused parents eager to swathe their newborns in gadgets that send back all sorts of data.
It protects your personal data using advanced encryption known as AES-256 before syncing it with your other devices via its servers.
If you decide it is not worth $30 a year,it lets you export your password database in forms that can be read by you or another password manager.
They could have given  the ability to collect mobile voice and data communications without the permission of governments or telecommunications providers.
Its SIM encryption codes and other customer data had not been stored on the networks that were targets of the attack.
This is a coveted position that allows the attacker not only to hide from antivirus products but also to reinfect a machine even if its hard drive is wiped.
Such a tracker, which connects to a phone to sync its data, might have made sense a few years ago, when people weren’t as hooked to their phones. 
They are inspired by computer designers who created software algorithms to efficiently organize data to be stored on a computer’s hard drive.
Visitors spent an average of 23 minutes on LinkedIn during the month of January, a figure that has been largely flat over the last year.
It is not clear exactly how the agencies got access to gamers’ data or communications, how many players may have been monitored.
Governments should limit surveillance to specific known users for lawful purposes, and should not undertake bulk data collection of Internet communications.
The iPad Mini starts at $330 for the 16-gigabyte Wi-Fi version and goes all the way to a high-altitude $670 for the 64-gigabyte version with 3G data.
A medium-sized website with about 50 million page views a month might spend about $1,200 a month to buy two computer servers,hardware to push data to the Web.
The data stream grew from 10 billion bits per second last week to as much as 300 billion bits per second this week.
When it’s coming from all over the place, and the targets have a hard time filtering what is legitimate traffic from what’s not.
The Mimo Smart Baby Monitor can beam a baby's health stats from a gadget attached to its pajamas to the outside of a parent's smart coffee cup.
Mothers can also record their own health stats, like weight and exercise, and track them against those of other Bellabeat users.
The latest discovery based on two years of data collected from 150,000 or so stars by the agency's orbiting Kepler space telescope.
The Maps app in all Windows phones comes from Nokia (which owns Navteq, one of the Big Two in map data).
The work alert people that you shouldn’t just take some of the data out of the WISE table and just assume they’re gospel.
Exposing dog lovers to the idea is that aging could be delayed might generate popular support in addition to new data.
We don't know if the phone is sending its GPS data to the Android Wear device, or if the watch has its own GPS.
It pulls data from a Garmin navigation app running on your smartphone to show your current speed, turn-by-turn directions and expected arrival time.
A team of physicists gathered in a room at CERN on Friday to begin crunching new data from the Large Hadron Collider this year. 
The new data will show whether that was a fluke or they are really on the road to discovering the long-lost boson. 
It may require much more data and analysis to establish that it actually acts like the Higgs boson and not an impostor.
This is historic stuff, a bit like the first exploration of Earth, and we had to look at the data very, very carefully.
The decision by Europe’s top court has been seen as a landmark case in the Continent’s push toward increased data privacy.
The new paper, published on Wednesday in The Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, may change minds, though perhaps not immediately. 
It involved a mutation so rare that finding it was only recently possible, with vast data from large numbers of people.
With his data he has established that people with the mutation are no more likely to get 750 diseases he searched for.
Anything short of sequencing is going to be short on accuracy ― and even then, there’s almost no comprehensive data sets to compare to.
But Dr. Saint Cyr suspects that the lack of scientific data on the most effective types of masks has made many people wary of buying any at all.
Dr. Saint Cyr translated the results and published the findings on his blog, calling it 'a useful treasure of evidence-based data.'
Using data from three large health studies, they tracked diet and disease prospectively over a 12-year period in more than 185,000 people.
A recent search of The New York Times database turned up no fewer than 122 mentions of millennial so far in 2014.
It included data from 40 states, as well as the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.
Combined data from clinical trials of mammography showed it reduces the death rate from breast cancer by at least 15 percent for women in their 40s.
A group of engineers and other tech workers issued a statement asserting they would refuse to participate in the creation of databases. 
He detailed the reasons it might be useful for people to make their personal data more difficult for attackers to access.
When I use the term ‘attacker’ I mean anyone trying to access your data whom you haven’t given express permission to. 
Encryption is a fancy computer-person word for scrambling your data until no one can understand what it says without a key. 
He said that the best way to destroy data was not to delete it but to encode it in “a secure form of cryptography.
Even if your data were password protected, someone who gained access to your computer “would have access to all your files if they were unencrypted.”
The excitement of observation is over, but the work of analyzing data to understand what happened will take weeks and months.
Individual websites are harder for users to find than information gathered through the data-sweeping capabilities of a search engine like Google’s.
To use cellular data, a tablet needs extra chips, antennas, and other hardware and software, similar to what a smartphone includes. 
The move to exploit reading data is one aspect of how consumer analytics is making its way into every corner of the culture.
In China, if you look at the last 12 months, we've done $29 billion to $30 billion in revenue there in greater China.
This ability to use your personal data to suggest things you might want is what could put Apple ahead of its competitors.
Disney may use the aggregate data from the RFID readers to get a much clearer picture of things like wait times and how guests flow through the parks.
A team of scientists analysing 32-years worth of satellite data have claimed to have recorded a new record low temperature on earth.
Trust in the security of our communications systems are essential for our society and for businesses to operate with confidence. 
Corporate leaders tend to spend a good deal of time talking at investor conferences or introducing new products on auditorium stages.
He tends to focus on how to make a sizable business out of whatever problem this or that technology might solve.
The bad earnings news from older, big tech companies does not ― so far ― appear to be spreading to more youthful Internet companies.
The opportunity created by tablets like the iPad extends beyond the technology companies that make the devices and their attendant applications.
They view the devices as an opportunity to develop new markets and revamp the way their organizations communicate with customers, partners and other stakeholders.
In the world of banking, Rube Goldberg-like corporate structures have evolved thanks to successive mergers, regulatory frameworks, and decades-old technology platforms.
The wide-screen camera, night vision and movement or sound alerts make it handy as a home or small business security monitor.
Amazon is by far the biggest player, with revenue last year of more than $3 billion, up 85% from a year earlier.
A powerful new type of computer that is about to be commercially deployed by a major American military contractor is taking computing into the strange.
Boeing Black represents a new foray for the aerospace and defense company into adjacent businesses beyond its traditional slate of airborne products. 
Some have equipped cameras with smartphone-style features, including WiFi and mobile operating systems like Android, so that people can share photos more easily. 
She and others are trying to organize a bigger international meeting with participants from companies and governments as well as universities.
When a local business that isn't in your contacts list calls you, the phone app drawing on information from Google Maps. 
Venture capital firms have rarely held on long enough to make more than $10 billion by investing in an Internet start-up.
Jim Kempland was a former sales manager for NutraSweet and later vice-president of marketing for Sweet Green Fields, a U.S.-based stevia producer.
The 20-somethings in jeans sipping espresso and tapping on laptops at this Tokyo business incubator would look more at home in Silicon Valley.
The start-up OneID, based in Redwood City, Calif., offers a single sign-on that can be used on various Web sites and devices.
The news that Facebook paid $2 billion for a virtual reality start-up, Oculus VR, might strike you as a bit zany.
The formerly crowded bar has been converted into a sparsely populated startup space of a dozen engineers, their bikes and whiteboards.
This is because many of China’s billionaires derive a significant chunk of their personal wealth from equity shares in businesses they control.
It is going to give its users the ability to see the dossiers of likes and interests it keeps on them.
The data broker Acxiom also began allowing people to see at least a portion of the profiles it had collected on them.
It now has an added purpose: to assure that the company will have more control over the movement of its customer data.
Now, the company is preparing to raise $100 million in an initial public offering on South Korea's tech-heavy Kosdaq index later this year.
Apple is pushing to complete licensing deals with music companies so it can reveal the service as early as next week.
While it is still at odds with some music companies over deal terms, Apple is said to be eager to get the licenses in time.
It would represent a relatively late arrival by the company into what has become a fast-growing ― if low-margin ― sector of the music business.
Gaby Hayon is the senior vice president for research and development at Mobileye Vision Technologies, the Israeli company that created the system in the Audi.
By blending advanced computer vision techniques with low-cost video cameras, the company is demonstrating how quickly autonomous driving can be commercialized.
The company was founded in the 1990s, after developers persuaded General Motors to buy an inexpensive camera that could detect vehicles in adjacent lanes.
He is regularly meeting with company executives, offering input on products and weighing in on the search for a chief executive.
That interest has only intensified as the search has dragged on longer than many investors and people inside the company had hoped.
If the new chief executive wants Mr. Gates,  to chime in moreoften on company matters, Mr. Gates will do it.
He doesn’t want to have to be called in to rescue the companyfrom a perilous situation, which would require day-to-day attention.
Mr. Ballmer will leave the company’s board of directors in the next six to 12 months, when the spotlight has shifted to Microsoft’s new leader.
Many senior executives brought into Microsoft from the outside have not fared well at the company, and that point is widely discussed among employees.
Then it will make, lease and sell as many units as it takes, at whatever price, to hit the company's compliance targets.
Mr. Olson said Palo Alto Networks had alerted Apple to its findings, though an Apple spokesman declined to comment on their reports.
The firm’s advice to Mac and iOS users is to avoid downloading Mac applications or games from any third-party app store.
The services of a number of the world’s largest tech companies, including Google and Facebook, were also infiltrated, according to the Snowden leaks.
Gemalto did admit, however, that the hacking attempts in 2010 may have given some access to SIM cards based on outdated telecom technology, known as 2G.
The firm’s researchers say that what makes these attacks particularly remarkable is their way of attacking the actual firmware of the computers. 
Not long ago, boys and girls nearing that curious age might sneak a peek at Playboy or scour the underwear section of a J. C. Penney circular.
A colossal gathering of gadgetry and geekery where some of the world’s largest companies show off their best ideas for the future.
The units played music stored on a computer, and they had to be controlled by the company’s own touch-screen remote control.
But the company believed that anyone who bought its speakers would keep them for a long time, probably a decade or more. 
Sonos was a pioneer, but a range of hardware start-ups have embraced a philosophy that prizes flexible software as the heart of gadgetry.
Benedict Evans, an analyst at the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, noted that a lot of these novel devices might not have been possible without the rise of smartphones. 
By comparison, Google’s Android is the largest mobile operating system in the world, but its app store, Google Play, generates far less money than Apple’s. 
eHi Car Service Ltd. charges the equivalent of just $25 a day for a Chinese-built Roewe with a range of about 90 kilometers. 
An army of marketing types is at work here in Redmond, inside the shiny new headquarters of Nintendo of America. 
Reggie Fils-Aime, president and chief operating officer of Nintendo’s United States unit, acknowledges that mobile games have changed the market. 
The whole misadventure might not matter unless Ms. Mayer is able to redirect the company away from its failing core business of selling display ads.
It certainly didn't help the company that there may have been internal conflict, but it probably didn't make a big difference, either.
In recent weeks, Apple has been campaigning aggressively against Michael R. Bromwich, a Washington lawyer who was appointed by a federal judge in October.
Apple complied with antitrust laws after the company was found last summer to have conspired with five publishers to fix prices for e-books.
Mr. Bromwich is intruding with its daily operations by demanding interviews with board members and with senior executives, even the chief executive, Tim Cook.
Mr. Bromwich is using his appointment to embark on an inquisition to generate high fees for himself and his Washington consulting firm.
Apple's lawyer told Judge Cote that the company intended to continue its fight to unseat Mr. Bromwich with an appellate court.
The appointment of monitors are not uncommon in litigation that results in rulings that are intended to change a company's behavior.
The hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors is being required to hire an outside monitor to oversee some of its operations for a period of time.
Judge Cote reminded Apple and its lawyers that it did not have much bargaining room when it came to the role of the monitor.
Judge Cote noted that one lawyer at Gibson Dunn, one of the firms representing Apple, billed at a rate of $1,800 an hour.
The company especially took issue with Mr. Bromwich with moving too quickly to request interviews and meeting with some of Apple's board members.
To test some ideas, he and a small team of scientists from his company and from NASA spent the weekend here in the Mojave Desert.
His namesake nonprofit research institute have already used the technology to help develop an experimental vaccine for the H7N9 bird flu with the drug maker.
His previous company, Celera Genomics, raced the federally funded Human Genome Project to determine the complete DNA sequence in human chromosomes.
A deal that Synthetic Genomics made with Exxon Mobil in 2009 to produce biofuels using algae has been scaled back to a research project.
Their mission was to find microbial life in the desert, determine its sequence and transmit it to Synthetic Genomics' headquarters in San Diego.
At the Philips Electronics factory on the coast of China, hundreds of workers use their hands and specialized tools to assemble electric shavers.
Factories like the one here in the Netherlands are a striking counterpoint to those used by Apple and other consumer electronics giants.
Boeing’s wide-body commercial jets are now riveted automatically by giant machines that move rapidly and precisely over the skin of the planes.
Royal Philips Electronics began making the first electric shavers in 1939 and set up the factory here in Drachten in 1950. 
The first customer is likely to be a company that now employs thousands of workers to load and unload its trucks. 
It's not just about multinationals doing business in China but about successful Chinese companies expanding their presence on a global basis.
The device is from Nokia, using the Android operating system that is owned by Google, rival to Nokia's soon-to-be parent Microsoft.
It is illustrative of the limited options available to companies in the smartphone business whose names aren't Apple, Google or Samsung.
The dynamics of the smartphone market are also why new entrants including Lenovo and Asus still smell opportunity despite their late start.
He has invested far beyond his company’s core business and in many ways has made it a reflection of his personal fascinations.
The share of employment in companies less than five years old dropped from about 19 percent in 1982 to 11 percent in 2011.
At that company, sales people use tablets to download Web-based contract and proposal applications, reducing the sales cycle from weeks to hours.
The reason is that Huawei has yet to pen deals with the major carriers like Verizon and AT&T for its high-end phones.
The Chinese handset rival Xiaomi announced last month that it was expanding into 10 global markets, including India, Brazil and Russia.
During the first quarter of the year, 40 percent of the world’s smartphones were shipped to China, according to the data research company IDC. 
All the focus on San Francisco and Apple’s next big innovation this week made me realize it was not playing my tune.
Eight prominent technology companies are mounting a public campaign to urge President Obama and Congress to set new limits on government surveillance.
On Monday the companies presented a plan to regulate online spying and urged the United States to lead a worldwide effort to restrict it.
They accompanied the plan with an open letter, in the form of full-page ads in national newspapers, including The New York Times.
It is the broadest and strongest effort by the companies, often archrivals, to speak with one voice to pressure the government.
As long as this much personal data is collected and kept by these companies, they are always going to be the target of government collection efforts.
Telecom companies, which were not included in the proposal to Congress, have had a closer working relationship with the government than the Internet companies.
